Should you restrict reality TV	There's nothing wrong in giving people what they want.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	It's intrinsically fascinating to see how people speak and behave in unusual situations.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"It's often cruel, exposing the participants to gross humiliation for our amusement."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	Popularity shouldn't be the ultimate test of what's permissible.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	It is nonsense to say that broadcasters should not set standards or be obliged to adhere to codes of behaviour.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	We do not for instance allow them to promote racism or sectarianism or to incite violence.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	They don't need any Godfather to become successful in the show biz but use their talent to achieve success.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"With active discussion on the TV forums, the reality shows have made people more aware of what's happening in their vicinity."	-1
Should you restrict reality TV	Cost of the shows: Creating reality TV shows isn't an expensive proposition and brings more bucks for money in comparison to the sitcoms and the soap operas.	-1
Should you restrict reality TV	It wasn't possible in the past but now anybody can shot into fame within a very short period of time.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	Harmful effect on teen: The new generation of reality TV celebrity stars doesn't thrive on talent but use sensationalism to always be in the news.	1
Should you restrict reality TV	It's a huge mistake because bad words are caught by teens and kids affecting their personality as well as behavior.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	It's probably impossible to find a person living in a developed country that'd not have heard about reality shows.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"Reality shows are no exception from this rule; it's not uncommon to see sexually-suggestive or explicit content in such reality shows as “Ex on the Beach” or “Big Brother.” At the same time, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, teenage girls viewing such reality shows tend to view physical attractiveness and sexual appeal as criteria for success in real life, or even means of reaching it."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"Some studies assume that teenagers viewing such content may feel like it's safe for them to consume alcohol at a young age, or that they can't be held accountable for their behaviors when drunk (Livestrong)."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"It's alright if a child indeed has a talent, and his or her parents don't try to benefit from it."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"Overall, it can be said that reality shows aren't affecting teenagers and children positively."	1
Should you restrict reality TV	"Whereas adults with shaped outlooks and behavioral patterns often view such shows as entertainment and don't seem to be affected by them significantly, teenagers may adopt inappropriate behavioral patterns seen on television."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"Therefore, it's advisable that teenagers watch reality shows under their parents’ control, or don't watch them at all."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Utilitarian liberationists, on the other hand, don't believe that animals possess moral rights, but argue, on utilitarian grounds — utilitarianism in its simplest form advocating that we base moral decisions on the greatest happiness of the greatest number — that, because animals have the ability to suffer, their suffering must be taken into account in any moral philosophy."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Animal rights actors often reject this faction, pointing to violence as a counterproductive tactic that invites repression (e.g., the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act) and doesn't economically or politically challenge extant systems [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Sexualization of ideal women is used as a mobilization tactic, but reduces support for ethics-based campaigns and may be counterproductive, alienating women that don't have ideal body types."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Its lack of diverse membership may decrease the movement's legitimacy and ability to mobilize, as members of marginalized groups are more likely to mobilize when they're represented in the movement."	0
Should we support animal rights	Michael Socarras of Greenberg Traurig told the Association of American Medical Colleges: There's a very important shift under way in the manner in which many people in law schools and in the legal profession think about animals.	0
Should we support animal rights	This shift hasn't yet reached popular opinion.	0
Should we support animal rights	"However, in [the U.S.], social change has and can occur through the courts, which in many instances don't operate as democratic institutions."	0
Should we support animal rights	Should not we stop and think for a second that maybe they are just others like us?	0
Should we support animal rights	There's no mention in the law that such activities already fall under the jurisdiction of state agriculture departments.	0
Should we support animal rights	"In the United States, there's an Animal Welfare Act that was produced in 1966."	0
Should we support animal rights	"While there's only one act covering the entire United States, there are more current laws surrounding animal rights, which vary by state."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Even though there are policies and severe consequences, the laws aren't normally enforced with as much force or timeliness as regular crime [ref]."	0
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	"In LGBT surrogacy, pregnancy is most commonly achieved using an egg donor, gestational carrier and in vitro fertilization (IVF), and the surrogacy process is essentially the same as it'd be for any other intended parent."	0
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	Decide who'll be genetically related to the child.	0
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	"While it's sometimes more convenient to work with an agency to use an anonymous sperm or egg donor, many LGBT couples and individuals choose to work with an identified donor to complete the surrogacy process."	0
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	"Each state has laws regulating surrogacy, and some states don't allow or recognize surrogacy contracts at all."	0
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	"Surrogacy is certainly an option for LGBT couples and individuals who are interested in adding to their families, but it's not for everyone."	1
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	"Regardless of sexual orientation, it's important for every family to consider these surrogacy pros and cons, as well as their individual circumstances, when creating a surrogacy plan."	0
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	"In many ways, intended parents’ marital status and sexual orientation doesn't have any impact on their surrogacy experience."	0
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	"Choosing an LGBT-friendly professional – For many intended parents, it's important to work with a professional that's open to and experienced in completing surrogacies for same-sex couples."	0
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	"Parenting Challenges – When you bring your new baby home at the end of your surrogacy journey, you'll begin a new chapter in your lives — parenting."	0
Should commercial surrogacy be prohibited?	"HIV and surrogacy – It's entirely possible for HIV-positive people to have healthy children through surrogacy, without any risk of transmission to the baby or the gestational carrier."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In 2005, the Austrian parliament banned experiments on apes, unless they're performed in the interests of the individual ape [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Also in Austria, the Supreme Court ruled in January 2008 that a chimpanzee (called Matthew Hiasl Pan by those advocating for his personhood) wasn't a person, after the Association Against Animal Factories sought personhood status for him because his custodians had gone bankrupt."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	The committee's proposal hasn't yet been enacted into law [ref].	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In the case involving the chimpanzees Hercules and Leo, Justice Barbra Jaffe didn't immediately dismiss the filing and instead ordered a hearing requiring the chimpanzee owner to show why the chimpanzees should be not be released and transferred to the sanctuary [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In its press release it emphasized the fact that Justice Jeffe agreed with NhRP, writing that 'persons' aren't restricted to human beings, and that who's a 'person' isn't a question of biology, but of public policy and principle and also stating that Efforts to extend legal rights to chimpanzees are thus understandable; some day they may even succeed [ref]."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"These systems don't necessarily have to be isolated but must work together and participate in harmony towards production, distribution and consumption of goods and services in a country."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	It's also important to understand the various economic factors and how they relate to each other.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"To effectively accomplish this it's crucial to know how the following factors relate to economy; capital, labor, natural resources and technological innovations."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Capital refers to a factor of production that's used in creation of goods and services.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Capital doesn't get used up in the process of production and since it's man-made is can be used over and over again.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"Having understood how the economy of a country operates, it's now important to know the role of a consumer in the economy."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"But if these goods and services aren't consumed, it'll not make sense why they were being produced."	1
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	If consumers in a certain county feel that any of the above factors aren't achieved they may tend to ignore goods and services and opt for other places where they'll be satisfied.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"The buyer of a certain good or service will therefore consider all these aspects beforehand and if any of them doesn't appeal to him or her, a problem ensues (Hoyer 3)."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"To effectively allow a consumer be able to consume good and services that an economy has produced, it's important to woe them so that they'll find satisfaction in what's availed."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	It has been observed that consumers may consider alternative goods and services in case the primary ones don't meet their requirements.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	It thus means the economy should have a strong background of when certain goods and services are required and when they're not.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	In modern times there's an emerging trend of goods and services reaching consumers at any part of the world due to globalization.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	This aspect doesn't however mean that people should restrain from acquiring goods and services from other countries.	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	There's evidence of an increase in vaccine refusal in the United States and of geographic clustering of refusals that results in outbreaks.	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Children with exemptions from school immunization requirements (a measure of vaccine refusal) are at increased risk for measles and pertussis and can infect others who are too young to be vaccinated, can't be vaccinated for medical reasons, or were vaccinated but didn't have a sufficient immunologic response."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Difficulties with efforts to control measles in the 1960s and 1970s ushered in the modern era of immunization laws in the United States.12 In 1969, a total of 17 states had laws that required children to be vaccinated against measles before entering school, and 12 states had legally mandated requirements for vaccination against all six diseases for which routine immunization was carried out at the time.13 During the 1970s, efforts were made to strengthen and strictly enforce immunization laws.12,13 During measles outbreaks, some state and local health officials excluded from school those students who didn't comply with immunization requirements, resulting in minimal backlash, quick improvement in local coverage, and control of outbreaks.19-22 Efforts by the public health community and other immunization advocates to increase measles vaccine coverage among school-age children resulted in enforcement of immunization requirements for all vaccines and the introduction of such requirements in states that didn't already have them."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"The increase in exemption rates wasn't uniform.11 Exemption rates for states that allowed only religious exemptions remained at approximately 1% between 1991 and 2004; however, in states that allowed exemptions for philosophical or personal beliefs, the mean exemption rate increased from 0.99 to 2.54%.11"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"There's evidence of substantial geographic heterogeneity in nonmedical-exemption rates between and within states.24 For example, in the period from 2006 through 2007, the state-level nonmedical-exemption rate in Washington was 6%; however, the county-level rate ranged from 1.2 to 26.9% (Figure 1).25 In a spatial analysis of Michigan's exemption data according to census tracts, 23 statistically significant clusters of increased exemptions were identified.26 Similar heterogeneity in exemption rates has been identified in Oregon27 and California (unpublished data)."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"The reasons for the geographic clustering of exemptions from school vaccination requirements aren't fully understood, but they may include characteristics of the local population (e.g., cultural issues, socioeconomic status, or educational level), the beliefs of local health care providers and opinion leaders (e.g., clergy and politicians), and local media coverage."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"The consequences of delayed vaccination, as compared with vaccine refusal, haven't been studied in detail."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"However, it's known that the risk of vaccine-preventable diseases and the risk of sequelae from vaccine-preventable diseases aren't constant throughout childhood."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	Multiple studies have shown an increase in the local risk of vaccine-preventable diseases when there's geographic aggregation of persons refusing vaccination.	1
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In Colorado, the county-level incidence of measles and pertussis in vaccinated children from 1987 through 1998 was associated with the frequency of exemptions in that county.35 At least 11% of the nonexempt children who acquired measles were infected through contact with an exempt child.35 Moreover, school-based outbreaks in Colorado have been associated with increased exemption rates; the mean exemption rate among schools with outbreaks was 4.3%, as compared with 1.5% for the schools that didn't have an outbreak (P=0.001).35"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"High vaccine coverage, particularly at the community level, is extremely important for children who can't be vaccinated, including children who've medical contraindications to vaccination and those who are too young to be vaccinated."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In the United States, the reported number of cases dropped from an average of 500,000 annually in the era before vaccination (with reported cases considered to be a fraction of the estimated total, which was more than 2 million) to a mean of 62 cases per year from 2000 through 2007.43-45 Between January 1, 2008, and April 25, 2008, there were five measles outbreaks and a total of 64 cases reported.45 All but one of the persons with measles were either unvaccinated or didn't have evidence of immunization."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"For example, of the four outbreaks with discrete index cases (one outbreak occurred by means of multiple importations) reported January through April 2008, three out of four index cases occurred in people who had refused vaccination due to personal beliefs; vaccination status couldn't be verified for the remaining cases.45,46 In Washington State, a recent outbreak of measles occurred between April 12, 2008, and May 30, 2008, involving 19 cases."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"compared the characteristics of children between the ages of 19 and 35 months who didn't receive any vaccine (unvaccinated) with the characteristics of those who were partially vaccinated (undervaccinated).47 As compared with the undervaccinated children, the unvaccinated children were more likely to be male, to be white, to belong to households with higher income, to have a married mother with a college education, and to live with four or more children."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"found that although concerns regarding general vaccine safety didn't differ between the parents of vaccinated children and the parents of undervaccinated or unvaccinated children, more than half of the case and control parents did express concerns about vaccine safety to their child's health care provider.57 Moreover, parents of undervaccinated or unvaccinated children were more likely to believe that children receive too many vaccines.57"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	There's evidence that health care providers have a positive overall effect on parents' decision making with regard to vaccination of their children.	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In a study by Smith et al., parents who reported that their immunization decisions were influenced by their child's health care provider were almost twice as likely to consider vaccines safe as parents who said their decisions weren't influenced by the provider.59"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In focus-group discussions, several parents who weren't certain about vaccinating their child were willing to discuss their immunization concerns with a health care provider and wanted the provider to offer information relevant to their specific concerns.56 These findings highlight the critical role that clinicians can play in explaining the benefits of immunization and addressing parental concerns about its risks."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Some clinicians have discontinued or have considered discontinuing their provider relationship with families that refuse vaccines.60,61 In a national survey of members of the American Academy of Pediatrics, almost 40% of respondents said they'd not provide care to a family that refused all vaccines, and 28% said they'd not provide care to a family that refused some vaccines.61"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"The academy's Committee on Bioethics advises against discontinuing care for families that decline vaccines and has recommended that pediatricians “share honestly what's and isn't known about the risks and benefits of the vaccine in question.”62 The committee also recommends that clinicians address vaccine refusal by respectfully listening to parental concerns, explaining the risk of nonimmunization, and discussing the specific vaccines that are of most concern to parents.62 The committee advises against more serious action in a majority of cases: “Continued refusal after adequate discussion should be respected unless the child is put at significant risk of serious harm (e.g., as might be the case during an epidemic)."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"States also differ in terms of meeting the recommendations for age-appropriate coverage for children younger than 2 years of age.65 School immunization requirements ensure completion by the time of school entry, but they don't directly influence the timeliness of vaccination among preschoolers."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"However, there's some evidence that school immunization laws have an indirect effect on preschool vaccine coverage."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Having an immunization requirement could be an indicator of the effectiveness of a state's immunization program, but the effect of school-based requirements on coverage among preschoolers can't be completely discounted."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Since clinicians have an influence on parental decision making, it's important that they understand the benefits and risks of vaccines and anticipate questions that parents may have about safety."	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	"A prenuptial agreement is a document that's usually made before or at the very beginning of a marriage, with the purpose of producing effects in the division of assets."	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	It'd also be helpful if you check out a few “how to write a prenuptial agreement” checklist.	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	"There's no simple answer to the question, “how much does it cost to get a prenup?” The factors that influence the prenuptial agreement cost are the location, reputation, and experience of the prenup attorney and the complexity of the agreement."	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	"That's not to say, however, that having a prenuptial agreement completely eliminates any conflicts regarding the division of assets."	-1
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	"The premarital agreement isn't a notarized document, therefore there's no per se obligation to notarize it."	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	"However, this doesn't mean that the agreement isn't notarized in certain situations."	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	The notary public witnesses the direct signing of a document verifies the identity of the signers and tries to notice any red flags suggesting that the parties aren't acting under a free will or in their right capacity.	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	"If spouses notarize the prenup, it'll most likely be binding in court and produce the intended effects."	1
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	"Although it's unlikely to successfully occur, the contesting of a signature leads to longer divorce proceedings and causes delays in the personal and financial status of the spouses."	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	Adding an element of conflict to an already difficult and contentious process causes even more tension and strain in a relationship that's already troubled.	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	"The answer is, it carries a reasonable amount of weight and may be persuasive in the court of law, but it's not something you can completely depend upon."	0
Should we support pre-marital property notarization?	"One of the spouses could try to obtain more assets in the divorce than he/she's entitled to, in contrast, try to deny the other spouse rights already agreed upon."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"According to The 2007 Pew Global Attitudes Project, Throughout Western Europe and much of the Americas, there's widespread tolerance towards homosexuality."	1
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Meanwhile, in most of Africa, Asia and the Middle East, there's less tolerance toward homosexuality [ref]."	-1
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Many forms of religions, including the Eastern faiths and Abrahamic faiths, don't support homosexual sex."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Even though homosexuality is widespread amongst the Pashtun ethnic group in southern Afghanistan [ref], after the fall of the Taliban, homosexuality went from a capital crime to one that's punished with fines, prison sentences, and vigilante violence."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Homosexuality is considered to be against the Sikh code of conduct, because it's not mentioned in Sikh scripture and because Sikhs are encouraged to marry, although this matter isn't considered very important [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"There's no mention of homosexuality in the Hindu scriptures and it's sometimes a taboo subject, but as Hinduism considers it a religious duty to marry and have children, heterosexual relationships are considered the norm [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"One year later, in response to a query about the Church's position on homosexuality, the Church of Scientology in 2005 stated: The Church of Scientology doesn't dictate sexual preferences."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"A systematic review of research in the UK indicates that there appears to be limited evidence available from which to draw general conclusions about lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender health because epidemiological studies haven't incorporated sexuality as a factor in data collection [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"The review found that from the research there's in the UK, there are no differences in terms of major health problems between LGBT people and the general population, although LGBT people's general health appears poorer, but with no specific information on common and major diseases, cancers or long-term health [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	According to Chodakiewicz: I wrote this book because it's important for Poles to know what awaits them if they don't oppose the civilization of death.	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1988, the Conservative Party, who were in government at the time, enacted Section 28 which stated that local authorities mustn't intentionally promote homosexuality or publish material with the intention of promoting homosexuality and that maintained schools shouldn't promote the teaching [...] of the acceptability of homosexuality, describing families with gay parents as being in a pretended family relationship [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 2013, same-sex marriage was legalised under Cameron's premiership [ref], which Cameron described as an important step forward and said that he thought that it's right that gay people should be able to get married too [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Labour passed into law in 2005 the ability for same-sex couples to enter civil-partnerships, but they couldn't take place in a church or be called a marriage."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	It's an accepted fact among intelligence agencies that espionage organizations the world over consider sex perverts who are in possession of or have access to confidential material to be prime targets where pressure can be exerted.	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	In addition there's an abundance of evidence to sustain the conclusion that indulgence in acts of sex perversion weakens the moral fiber of an individual to a degree that he's not suitable for a position of responsibility [ref].	-1
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Bryant infamously claimed that As a mother, I know that homosexuals cannot biologically reproduce children; therefore, they must recruit our children, and also claimed that If gays are granted rights, next we will have to give rights to prostitutes and to people who sleep with St. Bernards and to nail biters [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	They're also more likely to have positive attitudes towards other minority groups[84] and are less likely to support traditional gender roles [ref].	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Until its repeal in December 2010 by President Barack Obama [ref], the United States Armed Forces' Do not ask, do not tell policy required gay men and lesbian women to be discharged from the armed forces if they came out, but did not allow the military to question people about their sexual orientation."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"The Boy Scout organization doesn't view their policy as unjustly discriminatory, but instead defends their policy saying that, Tolerance for diversity of values doesn't require abdication of one's own values [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	There's still a movement to try to persuade the organization to change its policy or allow local chapters to decide for themselves [ref].	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Other outdoor-focused, youth-based organizations such as the 4-H club and Girl Scouts of the USA don't discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In most countries where Boy Scouts organizations exist homosexuality isn't regarded as incompatible with scout values, and gay members aren't excluded from activities;[97] this includes the United Kingdom, where scouting was founded by Baden-Powell."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"Most economists would agree that although increasing returns to scale might mean that certain industry could settle in a geographical area without any strong economic reason derived from comparative advantage, this isn't a reason to argue against free trade because the absolute level of output enjoyed by both winner and loser will increase with the winner gaining more than the loser but both gaining more than before in an absolute level."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"However, economic growth doesn't necessarily mean a reduction in poverty; in fact, the two can coexist."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	Economic growth is conventionally measured using indicators such as GDP and GNI that don't accurately reflect the growing disparities in wealth [ref].	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"This rapid growth among the globalizers isn't simply due to the strong performances of China and India in the 1980s and 1990s—18 out of the 24 globalizers experienced increases in growth, many of them quite substantial [ref]."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"While it's true that free trade encourages globalization among countries, some countries try to protect their domestic suppliers."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	Democratic globalization is a movement towards an institutional system of global democracy that'd give world citizens a say in political organizations.	1
Should we embrace globalization?	"A world confederation wouldn't supersede the authority of the State governments but rather complement it, as both the States and the world authority would have power within their sphere of competence [ref]."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"An early incarnation of this sentiment can be found in Socrates, whom Plutarch quoted as saying: I'm not an Athenian, or a Greek, but a citizen of the world [ref]."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"Baha'i-inspired author Meyjes, while favoring the single world community and emergent global consciousness, warns of globalization[172] as a cloak for an expeditious economic, social, and cultural Anglo-dominance that's insufficiently inclusive to inform the emergence of an optimal world civilization."	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	All of these purchases are purchases that aren't being made in a brick and mortar store.	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	"As a result, residents of a state may not pay sales taxes on online purchases that they'd have paid if they had made the same purchase in a brick and mortar store."	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	"This law, however, doesn't affect smaller businesses."	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	It also doesn't apply to local taxes and therefore doesn't completely close the tax gap caused by online purchases.	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	"Because many online retailers don't charge their customers sales tax, purchases from them cost less."	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	"As a result, brick and mortar stores that have to charge appropriate taxes sometimes have a harder time competing with online retailers who don't add these taxes to the cost of their items."	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	Online purchases aren't all bad.	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	Its convenience means that it's likely to continue growing in popularity.	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	And one of the most practical ways parents do that's with a curfew.	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	Do I think they'll keep a child out of trouble?	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"If you mean trouble with the law, there's lots of discussion about that."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	What protects teens from these and other potentially dangerous activities isn't rules and punishments but conversation and relationships.	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"“But the later you're out, the more you're exposed to people who are fatigued, who are celebrating, who are drug or alcohol affected, who are more inclined to social violence, who are more likely to have a fatal car accident,” psychologist Carl Pickhardt writes in Psychology Today."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	We can discuss with our teens what they think are appropriate curfews given their age and what they'll be doing.	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"By listening to them and allowing them to negotiate with us, it shows that we respect them and understand that they're increasingly responsible for themselves.”"	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	I’ll consider giving her a curfew when she's driving next year.” —Beth H.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Technological activities aren't the only household influences of childhood obesity.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A survey carried out by the American Obesity Association into parental attitudes towards their children's weight showed the majority of parents think that recess shouldn't be reduced or replaced.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"35% of parents thought that their child's school wasn't teaching them enough about childhood obesity, and over 5% thought that childhood obesity was the greatest risk to their child's long term health [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A study has also found that tackling childhood obesity won't necessarily lead to eating disorders later in life [ref].	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"But as they aim to be more selective, they're discovering how difficult it can be to figure out whether a particular type of fuel - much less a particular batch of corn ethanol or rapeseed biodiesel - has been produced in an environmentally friendly manner."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"You cannot look at a bottle of ethanol and tell how it is produced, whether it is sustainable."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In various ways, they'll require manufacturers and sellers to quantify their fuel's net effect on the environment before being eligible for subsidies, or even to count toward national biofuel quotas."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"It'll be hard to make corn ethanol or even rapeseed meet this standard, said Lukas Gutzwiller of Switzerland's Federal Energy Office."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Now that we have more competence in lifecycle analysis and the pros and cons of various biofuels, it was very obvious to us that we shouldn't just push forward blindly, Gutzwiller said."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"But the equation doesn't take into account the emissions produced when processing the crops into a form usable for powering a car, for example."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Next week, the European Union will put forward a new energy policy which, among other things, is expected to restrict imports of biofuels that aren't produced in an environmentally sound manner."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"These payments, do not encourage the best biofuels - just to grow more of what they are already growing, said Jean-Philippe Denruyter, global bioenergy coordinator at the World Wide Fund for Nature in Brussels."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	There is no incentive for them to change to crops that have better greenhouse gas profiles.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Last month, the Netherlands announced that it'd no longer subsidize the importation of palm oil - previously its major source of green electricity generation - after investigators showed that the palm oil was grown on Asian plantations created from drained peat land, with disastrous environmental consequences."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"To address such problems, Germany is planning to require that a biofuel be certified as sustainable, on the basis of its emissions reductions and the way the crops were grown, if it's to count toward the annual target of biofuels' making up 5.75 percent of transportation fuel."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"It'll be difficult to make some Swiss crops that are now subsidized, like rapeseed, meet the new standard."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Nascent biofuel industries in many countries - including in the West - are resisting the rolling back of such payments, without which they fear they can't be profitable."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"A few months ago, the province's environment minister announced it'd build no more."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	That means it's grown with low energy use and doesn't have to be transported long distances.	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Animal welfare science uses various measures, such as longevity, disease, immunosuppression, behavior, physiology, and reproduction [ref], although there's debate about which of these indicators provide the best information."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Respect for animal welfare is often based on the belief that nonhuman animals are sentient and that consideration should be given to their well-being or suffering, especially when they're under the care of humans [ref]."	1
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"These concerns can include how animals are slaughtered for food, how they're used in scientific research, how they're kept (as pets, in zoos, farms, circuses, etc."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	The other view is based on the animal rights position that animals shouldn't be regarded as property and any use of animals by humans is unacceptable.	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"They can't develop their own social groups, and related cetaceans are typically separated for display and breeding."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Electric engines are far quieter, but aren't widely used for either research or whale watching, even for maintaining position, which doesn't require much power [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"The US Coast Guard has proposed rules on propeller guards to protect human swimmers, but hasn't adopted any rules [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	Researchers on wild cetaceans haven't yet been able to use drones to capture noninvasive breath samples.	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Canadian rules don't forbid playing quiet music, though they forbid noise that may resemble whale songs or calls, under water [ref]."	0
Does discipline limit the development of personality	"It's also called the take-control approach to teaching, as the teacher controls their classroom in a firm but positive manner."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"It's also notable to point out that several countries have formally banned this practice, and many more have passed laws that prohibit human reproductive cloning."	0
Should we ban human cloning	It could also create a new line of research that's equal to what we see now with embryonic stem cell therapies.	0
Should we ban human cloning	"Using our current technologies, we'd implement enzymes from bacteria to locate genes within our DNA to create the necessary modifications for duplication."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"This technology has been in place since 2015, which means it's not something from which we're entirely unfamiliar."	0
Should we ban human cloning	It creates a natural inequality that can set their children back because they're not in the same socioeconomic groups as “normal” people.	0
Should we ban human cloning	"If a person has an extra chromosome or one is missing, then that condition is called “aneuploidy.” There's an increased risk of a genetic disorder when women have children later in life."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"Several different conditions can result from this outcome, such as Patau and Edwards syndrome, where there's an extra chromosome on the 13 or 18."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"This figure has dropped dramatically since the 1990s when it topped 34,000, but it's still way too high."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	It's also intended to help level the playing field between the country’s rich and poor.	-1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"The exam is considered the pivotal moment for Chinese secondary students as their scores in large [part determine their future – whether they can go to university, which institutions they'll be admitted and consequently what careers await them."	-1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Hengshui Middle School in Hebei province, where more than 100 students earned admission to the prestigious Peking and Tsinghua universities, students have been given IV drips as they study, believing that it'll help them with concentration and focus."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Although it's common for local governments to make special gaokao arrangements, such as restricting traffic near test centres, there have been cases where worried parents in Anhui, Jiangsu and Shandong blocked roads for fear passing cars would affect listening comprehension part in English test."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	What're the controversies of the gaokao?	0
Should we promote social networks	"[citation needed] In addition, there's a perceived privacy threat in relation to placing too much personal information in the hands of large corporations or governmental bodies, allowing a profile to be produced on an individual's behavior on which decisions, detrimental to an individual, may be taken."	0
Should we promote social networks	"Furthermore, there's an issue over the control of data and information that was altered or removed by the user may, in fact, be retained and passed to third parties."	0
Should we promote social networks	It's not clear whether the same rules apply to researchers who collect data from social networking sites.	0
Should we promote social networks	These sites often contain a great deal of data that's hard to obtain via traditional means.	0
Should we promote social networks	[citation needed] Parents who want to access their child's MySpace or Facebook account have become a big problem for teenagers who don't want their profile seen by their parents.	0
Should we promote social networks	"In September 2013, a woman got fired over Facebook because she posted disruptive information about her company stating that military patrons shouldn't receive special treatment or discounts."	0
Should we promote social networks	He also said users should not be forced to share private information and communications just to get a job.	0
Should we promote social networks	"Keep is one of several users of Facebook who were banned from the site on the presumption that their names are not real, as they bear resemblance to the names of characters like Sesame Street's Elmo [ref]."	0
Should we promote social networks	"For instance, there's a study which suggests the children aren't too far from inappropriate content on YouTube [ref]."	0
Should we promote social networks	"According to the article, High Tech or High Risks: Moral Panics About Girls Online, it suggests that young girls are more at risks because they're often represented through products of play in transgressive poses because they often manipulate other users online by making themselves look older than what they actually appear which can attract sexual predators."	0
Should we promote social networks	There aren't many limitations as to what individuals can post when online.	0
Should we promote social networks	"Sherry Turkle, the founder and director of the MIT Initiative on Technology and Self, stated, Networked, we're together, but so lessened are our expectations of each other that we feel utterly alone."	0
Should we promote social networks	"And there's the risk that we come to see others as objects to be accessed--and only for the parts we find useful, comforting, or amusing [ref]."	0
Should we promote social networks	"Furthermore, social network sites can create insincere friendships, Turkle also noted, They nurture friendships on social-networking sites and then wonder if they're among friends."	0
Should we promote social networks	"The researchers found that online social networking plays a positive role in subjective well-being when the networking is used to facilitate physical interactions, but networking activities that don't facilitate face-to-face interactions tend to erode trust, and this erosion can then negatively affect subjective well-being (independent of the online social interaction itself)."	0
Should we promote social networks	There's a growing number of social network users who decide to quit their user account by committing a so-called virtual identity suicide or Web 2.0 suicide.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"While this type of general artificial intelligence hasn't been achieved yet, most contemporary artificial intelligence projects are currently better understood as types of machine-learning algorithms, that can be integrated with existing data to understand, categorize, and adapt sets of data without the need for explicit programming [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"As such, they're potentially beneficial for many industries, notably heavy industry."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	They're also capable of eliminating human errors and delivering superior levels of quality assurance on their own [ref].	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	It also offers a great opportunity for exploration because companies don't have to risk human life.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"As these technologies become cheaper and more accessible, they'll be implemented more widely, and humans might be increasingly replaced by AI [ref]."	1
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"It's said to effectively rent 50,000 computers [in the cloud] for an hour [ref]."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"It's gravely contrary to the dignity of the human person and to the respect due to the living God, his Creator."	-1
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"Among Protestant denominations, the Episcopal Church passed a resolution in 1991 opposing euthanasia and assisted suicide stating that it's morally wrong and unacceptable to take a human life to relieve the suffering caused by incurable illnesses [ref]."	-1
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"Euthanasia is a complex issue in Islamic theology; however, in general it's considered contrary to Islamic law and holy texts."	-1
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"There's much debate on the topic of euthanasia in Judaic theology, ethics, and general opinion (especially in Israel and the United States)."	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	We are not in the colonial era.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"I have never been to a bullfight but from the little I have seen in the media, I know it is terrible and I had to close my eyes, she said on the program Buenos Dias, Peru."	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	And comments by Baca that she'd analyze the practice during her tenure quickly sparked controversy.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"Bullfighter Fernando Roca Rey told La Republica that bullfighting should be seen as a cultural event and that the minister can give her opinion, but that can't be applied to the whole country."	-1
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	And while public opinion might be swinging away from bullfighting — a poll last year for El Pais found 60 percent of Spaniards didn't enjoy bullfighting — the sport still has big-name supporters.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"It is the home of the country's first bullfighting clubs and some of its most famous matadors—bullfighters, who perform a series of graceful movements before killing a bull with swords."	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Spaniards also are not as interested in bullfighting as they used to be.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"This is a historic day for all those who've worked to promote animal rights in a modern society like ours, said Spanish animal-rights leader José Ramón Mallén after Catalonia's vote."	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	It is simply wrong to enjoy watching an animal getting killed in public.	1
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"It is also a tradition in other nations, including Mexico."	0
Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	"This license fee doesn't cover the show's production costs, leading to the deficit."	0
Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	"Although the studio doesn't make its money back in the original airing of the show, it retains ownership of the show."	0
Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	"This system places most of the financial risk on the studios, however a show that's a hit in the syndication and home video markets can more than make up for the misses."	0
Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	"Although the deficit financing system places minimal financial risk on the networks, they lose out on the future profits of big hits since they're only licensing the shows [ref]."	0
Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	"On rare occasions, a series that hasn't attracted particularly high ratings and has been canceled can be given a reprieve if home video viewership has been particularly strong."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	It's the newest development in distance education that began in the mid-1990s with the spread of the internet and the World Wide Web.	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The first correspondence courses began in the 1800s using parcel post to reach students who could not be on a university campus [ref].	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"It wasn't until the 1950s, when the FCC began to reserve television frequencies for educational purposes, that telecourses caught the attention of the public."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The expansion of online education hasn't slowed either; by the fall of 2013 nearly 30% of all postsecondary students were enrolled in some kind of distance education course [ref].	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Asynchronous learning environments are described as online spaces where work is supported through the use of digital platforms in such a way that participants aren't required to be online at the same time [ref].	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"As in a traditional classroom environment, online learners may feel a need to keep the conversation going, so there's a potential for focusing on the quantity of responses over the quality of content within the response [ref]."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"However, the equivalency theory of distance education posits that all students should have learning experiences of equal value and that it's the responsibility of the instructional designer to create learning experiences for the distance learner that will be successful in meeting the course objectives [ref]."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"There's a lack of support and training provided for teachers, hence instructors require training and support first before they can combine technology, content, and pedagogy to design courses [27]."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Expectations of learners to be self-motivated, able to manage their time effectively, contribute to course discussions and have a willingness to teach others isn't unlike what's expected in a traditional classroom."	-1
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"It's useful to distinguish between three forms of online credentials: Test-based credentials, online badges, and online certificates [ref]."	0
Should commercial advertisements be allowed to be fictitious	"While advertising can be seen as necessary for economic growth [ref], it's not without social costs."	0
Should commercial advertisements be allowed to be fictitious	Critics claim that food advertisements targeting children are exploitive and aren't sufficiently balanced with proper nutritional education to help children understand the consequences of their food choices.	0
Should commercial advertisements be allowed to be fictitious	"Additionally, children may not understand that they're being sold something, and are therefore more impressionable [ref]."	-1
Should I ban ivory trading?	Scientific research and anecdotal evidence from people who've spent their lives living with and studying elephants have painted a picture of a creature that's as extraordinarily complex as humans themselves.	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	There's a human cost to the illegal trade too.	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"While some ivory originates from culls or is genuinely antique, the sheer number of elephants being poached shows that legal sources of ivory can't satisfy consumers’ appetites."	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"Since the economic ascent of China doesn't look likely to falter anytime soon, there's only one way to save elephants from extinction by poaching: a complete and permanent global ban on the trade of ivory."	-1
Should I ban ivory trading?	"The existence of a legal ivory market has created opportunity for its illegal counterpart, with smugglers taking advantage of consumers’ inability to recognize what's not illegal, and the desire for cheaper ivory."	-1
Should I ban ivory trading?	But education alone won't save elephants.	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"An e-book has limitless copies and can't be damaged or lost -- unlike print textbooks, which can become outdated and include misinformation."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Before the Internet, students had access to professionals in all fields -- from visiting authors to political officials giving talks at local campuses, there is no shortage of people for students to meet."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The Internet puts the sum of human knowledge just a click away -- it is added a lot of tools for students to research information and learn more about the topics that interest them.	-1
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"While students still have to be taught how to recognize biased and unreliable sources, they also have access to scholarly databases and news articles, and they are able to search many libraries with an online search function."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Why Sexual Education in Schools Isn't Needed in America	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Being an intuitive act and ingrained in our genes through evolution, learning about sex from an early age isn't that important."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"However, I'd argue that even though most parents have faith in sexual education, this system shouldn't be imposed on parents who don't agree with the methods and information integrated into sexual education in high school and middle school."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"With this much cash being put into the “abstinence only until marriage” sexual education, you'd think that the results would be promising."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It's the opposite: around half of pregnancies in America are unintended (Guttmacher Institute).	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"This demonstrates that either sexual education in schools is either given too late, or it's not working effectively."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"We need to reform our sexual education at home and digitally, providing a way for children to accurately and effectively learn about what having sex entails and what're its pitfalls."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	This is one of the few areas of education where one finds equally well qualified experts give contradictory advice as to what's in the best interests of children.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Indeed, the body of research on how children are affected by school-based programmes isn't very scientific."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	it'd be preposterous even to think of judging the effectiveness of school-based programmes on this basis.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It's now widely recognised that sex education begins from the earliest days of a baby's life.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"If a child lives with parents or a parent who's experiencing relationship problems, he or she'll be adversely affected by them."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Studies show that people who've problems with self-esteem bring these difficulties into their couple relationship.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"It's surprising that opponents of RSE seem to ignore the relationship education dimension of RSE and focus, on the problems they perceive sex education causes."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"It's worrying when parents are told that school-based programmes in other countries have led to an enormous increase in premarital sex, teen promiscuity and teenage pregnancy."	-1
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"The Catholic Primary School Managers' Association suggest that it's the duty, right and privilege of parents to give sex education."	-1
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Of course they're correct in this view.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Talking about sex is as likely to provoke anxiety and embarrassment for teachers as it's for parents.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	There's a strong relationship between diminished parental supervision and early sexual activity.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Surprisingly, there doesn't seem to be a parallel effect for boys."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	It's unrealistic to expect teachers to be more effective than parents in encouraging young people to delay sexual activity when they're passionately in love.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Research shows that knowledge alone doesn't have a measurable impact on sexual behaviour.	-1
Should we support family education	"The court stated that It's clear that the education of the children at their home, whatever the quality of that education, doesn't qualify for the private full-time day school or credentialed tutor exemptions from compulsory education in a public full-time day school [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	"In other states (Maine, New Hampshire, Iowa, for example) homeschool requirements are based on a statute or group of statutes that specifically applies to homeschooling, although statutes often refer to homeschooling using other nomenclature (in Virginia, for example, the statutory nomenclature is home instruction; in South Dakota, it's alternative instruction; in Iowa, it's competent private instruction)."	0
Should we support family education	"While every state has some requirements, there's great diversity in the type, number, and level of burden imposed."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"A biofuel is a fuel that's produced through contemporary processes from biomass, rather than a fuel produced by the very slow geological processes involved in the formation of fossil fuels, such as oil."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	Many first generation biofuel projects aren't carbon neutral given these demands.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Ethanol can be used as a fuel for vehicles in its pure form (E100), but it's usually used as a gasoline additive to increase octane and improve vehicle emissions."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"It can be used as a fuel for vehicles in its pure form (B100), but it's usually used as a diesel additive to reduce levels of particulates, carbon monoxide, and hydrocarbons from diesel-powered vehicles."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"However, the production and consumption of biofuels aren't on track to meet the IEA's sustainable development scenario."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"... Due to the increased processing and resource requirements (e.g., hydrogen and catalysts) needed to make drop-in biofuels as compared to conventional biofuels, large scale production of cost-competitive drop-in biofuels isn't expected to occur in the near to midterm."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In 2010, Russian pulp and paper maker, Vyborgskaya Cellulose, said they'd be producing pellets that can be used in heat and electricity generation from its plant in Vyborg by the end of the year [ref]."	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	And the Internet search function allows advertisers to tailor their pitch to readers who've revealed what they're seeking—an enormous advantage.	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	"Many of these 'new media' aren't saddled with expensive union contracts, printing presses, delivery fleets and overhead built over decades."	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	are not those people putting reporters on the street in any number.	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	Blogs can't afford it [ref].	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	But newspapers haven't been alone in this: the rise of cable television and satellite television at the expense of network television in countries such as the United States and United Kingdom is another example of this fragmentation.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	This also negates the Prop.’s later claim “we're not certain about this and if it were to happen it wouldn’t be on the immediate future”.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"There's water in Africa, we just don’t have the infrastructure to use them."	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"1resource exploitation is certainly not “un”evitable, 2“orderly” isn't possible, 3it doesn't prove whether its policy is actually orderly, and 4therefore it fails to establish the link between the motion and its point."	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"The Prop keeps hammering on is the ongoing energy crisis, yet it doesn't show logical steps so as to argue inevitability."	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Many of those powerful countries currently also exert major influences on Antarctica; equal distribution isn't their topic of choice.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"With all the reasons above, the argument doesn't address any relevant point regarding the motion."	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"First, we're not looking for diplomatic procedures when we accuse Prop."	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"If we can just propose a model that should happen and not care about its feasibility and efficacy, what's the point of debate?"	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	said it only has to show “a better outcome”; we're asking if that “better outcome” will ACTUALLY HAPPEN.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	blatantly argue it doesn't bear that burden?	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	won't be able to control exploitation.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Resource exploitation will accelerate unnatural melting that can't be offset.	1
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Note that the proposition isn't only talking about “collateral” damages but frontal destruction: the artificial extraction of fresh water is exactly what we should be afraid of.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	We can't and mustn't make a premature judgment when we can’t even begin to comprehend the value of our heritage.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	But this isn't a research conference; Prop.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	claims it’s for the poor; we all know better that the problem isn't lack of supply but distribution.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	Prop’s claim so far: “the majority of Antartica is uninhabited by living species … there'd be no impact to them whatsoever”.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"It chooses that “ideal,” criticizes US for being picky, and even goes to say it doesn't bear burden to prove efficacy."	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"When it's clear that failure of that model will bring conflicts, when the model will never pass the UN, the winners’ puppet, when even if it passes, powerful nations conspicuously won’t cooperate, as China & Russia didn’t to North Korea sanctions—when the regulation will surely work despite inevitable necessity that can break the CURRENT regulation ACCORDING TO PROP.—it has guts to say “I’m not responsible.”"	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"By doing this, they are challenging schools to increase the performance and productivity of their students."	1
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"Simply eating breakfast won’t make kids smarter, but it'll put healthier, more engaged students in those desks every morning."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"“Of course it can't happen without some sort of aiding and abetting or involvement of medical doctors, of the establishment,” he added."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"Trafficking in organs occurs when traffickers force or deceive the victims into giving up an organ, or when victims agree to sell an organ but aren't paid in full or at all."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"Whether we like it or not, we live in the era of globalization, and if the U.S. legalizes the market for body parts, there's no reason to think that international economies won’t play a role in how a patient decides to procure transplant organs."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	These weren't the equitable arrangements that proponents of organ markets advocate for.	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"In the United States, it's legal to pay a woman to carry a child, so long as the money is called “compensation” and not coercion."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"In some cases, when a pregnancy didn’t go as planned and the doctor had to choose between the life of an unborn surrogate baby and the life of mother, the mother didn't always survive."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"Even if the trade appears to work at home, there's no way to ensure that American customers won’t look for better deals abroad."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	We can't solve our own organ shortage by exploiting the poor and helpless people on the other side of the world.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	Why the death penalty shouldn't be abolished	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	The state doesn't tolerate serious crimes and has prospered despite the criticism it receives from humanitarian groups.	-1
Should the death penalty be abolished	"With the escalating number of serious crimes in the country, it's worrying if no significant measures are taken."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	A jail term won't be a deterrence to those contemplating committing a serious crime.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"Murderers, kidnappers, rapists and drug lords should know that if found guilty, they'll be given the death penalty."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	Some countries and states that once abolished the death penalty were forced to revert to the punishment when they couldn't curb the rising rate of crime in their societies.	-1
Should the death penalty be abolished	Even the US hasn't abolished the death penalty for serious crimes.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"It's applied for murder, and executions are carried out by hanging."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"Although the death penalty is enforced only sometimes in grave cases of premeditated murder, it's regularly meted out to drug traffickers, drug dealers, and people in possession of certain quantities of illegal drugs."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	Not that criminals aren't cautioned that committing certain crimes can lead to the death penalty.	-1
Should the death penalty be abolished	Hardcore criminals shouldn't be allowed to rear their ugly heads.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"It's the rights of peace-loving people that should be the priority in any society, not the minority aberrant group."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"When the innocent become victims of horrendous crimes, it’s only fair that the criminals aren't let off the hook."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	They're capable of paralysing a nation if they're not reined in.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"This number hasn't decreased, what more with drugs flowing into the country when no heavy penalties are imposed on drug traffickers."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	Those who want to get rich quickly by trafficking drugs and are caught overseas under foreign laws and sentenced to death shouldn't be our concern.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	The opinion that even the death penalty hasn't deterred criminals from committing horrendous crimes can't be an excuse to get rid of such a law.	-1
Should the death penalty be abolished	This presumption doesn't carry water as crime statistics in all nations haven't shown this to be the case.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"It's true that even with the threat of the death penalty, violent crimes are committed with impunity – drug honchos, traffickers and pushers operate freely; and the threat of gang fights, rape, murder, armed robbery and kidnapping under the influence of drugs as well as drug-related disputes are ever present."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"Humanitarians and others, including practising lawyers, who advocate abolishing the death penalty shouldn't be so concerned about the lives of murderers, brutal rapists, kidnappers and drug traffickers and ignore the countless number of violent and innocent deaths of victims caused by these criminals."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"In our local context, there are concerns that the abolition of the death penalty may send the wrong signal that such crimes aren't taken seriously enough."	-1
Should the death penalty be abolished	"Amnesty International, lawyers, politicians and humanitarian groups who are for the abolishment of the death penalty for serious offences should rethink their stand and consider the well-being and rights of those who've become victims, as well as the rights of others who wish to live in peace."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	Abolishing the death penalty will only send the wrong signal to those who've the predisposition to commit horrible crimes.	-1
Should the death penalty be abolished	"It'll see an escalation of serious crimes in our society, further impairing the nation."	-1
Should we fund poor communities?	"“They all want to work, but many told me that they're nervous about working because they haven’t had a legitimate job, and they want to start working in a company that has a supportive environment, so they can be successful.”"	0
Should we fund poor communities?	"“Obviously, we're in a time of incredible divisiveness,” she said."	0
Should we fund poor communities?	"While people who are struggling financially need support, they're often too burdened by work, family, and other commitments to seek support."	1
Should we fund poor communities?	"They need patience, they need capital, they need investments in their skill set, and most importantly, they need someone who's navigating their journey with them, whether that journey is overcoming drugs or alcohol, recovering after incarceration, or improving financial literacy.”"	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	I'll focus on three factors:	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"The Internet's inherently open architecture alreadyhobbles law enforcement officials, while relentless technologicalinnovation ensures that they'll only fall farther and fartherbehind."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"Since the hard, cold facts about the inevitable failure ofprohibition will undoubtedly depress some decent andwell-intentioned people, I'll leaven my analysis with somecomforting words about Internet gambling."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	It'll provide a more wholesome environment than real-worldcasinos; and	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	It'll benefit consumers by increasing competition in gamblingservices.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Some proponents of a ban on Internet gambling argue thatif prohibition won't work then neither will any scheme ofregulation.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	That's why people don't illegally shoot craps inLas Vegas alleys.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	It'd rightly object that it already has itshands full just delivering the mail and that it lacks the equipmentand personnel to snoop through every letter.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	It'd furthermorenote that it couldn't always tell which messages relate to illegalactivities.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"Given these technological constraints, prohibiting Internetgambling plainly won't work as intended."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Federal lawenforcement agents admit that they can't stop overseas gamingoperations.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"We cannot do anythingabout it, Department of Justice spokesman John Russell said,That is the bottom line."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	(2) Even Sen. Jon Kylhas confessed that this would be a very difficult kind of activityto regulate because we do not have jurisdiction over the peopleabroad who are doing it.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"Having alreadyembraced traditional games of chance, they'll almost certainlyextend a warm welcome to Internet gambling."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"Regardless of thevalidity of such criticisms, they certainly don't apply toInternet gambling."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(18) Prohibiting Internet gambling won't make it inaccessible,whereas legalizing it'll put the benefits of increasedcompetition within the rule of law."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Balancing rights so that they're strong enough to encourage the creation of information and intellectual goods but not so strong that they prevent their wide use is the primary focus of modern intellectual property law [ref].	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The thinking is that creators won't have sufficient incentive to invent unless they're legally entitled to capture the full social value of their inventions [ref].	-1
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"According to Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he's the author [ref]."	-1
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Although Locke had never explicitly stated that natural right applied to products of the mind [ref], it's possible to apply his argument to intellectual property rights, in which it'd be unjust for people to misuse another's ideas [ref]."	-1
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Utilitarians argue that without intellectual property there'd be a lack of incentive to produce new ideas.	-1
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Personality Argument: this argument is based on a quote from Hegel: Every man has the right to turn his will upon a thing or make the thing an object of his will, that's to say, to set aside the mere thing and recreate it as his own [ref]."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Lysander Spooner (1855) argues that a man has a natural and absolute right—and if a natural and absolute, then necessarily a perpetual, right—of property, in the ideas, of which he's the discoverer or creator; that his right of property, in ideas, is intrinsically the same as, and stands on identically the same grounds with, his right of property in material things; that no distinction, of principle, exists between the two cases [ref]."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	There's safe harbor in many jurisdictions to use a patented invention for research.	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"This safe harbor doesn't exist in the US unless the research is done for purely philosophical purposes, or in order to gather data in order to prepare an application for regulatory approval of a drug [ref]."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	It's often called piracy [ref].	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"The ACTA trade agreement, signed in May 2011 by the United States, Japan, Switzerland, and the EU, and which hasn't entered into force, requires that its parties add criminal penalties, including incarceration and fines, for copyright and trademark infringement, and obligated the parties to actively police for infringement [ref]."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"There are limitations and exceptions to copyright, allowing limited use of copyrighted works, which doesn't constitute infringement."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Trademark infringement occurs when one party uses a trademark that's identical or confusingly similar to a trademark owned by another party, in relation to products or services which are identical or similar to the products or services of the other party."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	It's argued that the pursuit of extrinsic reward isn't an accurate reflection of intrinsic interest in course material [ref].	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"Moheeb is part of a new program that's challenging the way teachers and students think about academic accomplishments, and his school is one of hundreds that have done away with traditional letter grades inside their classrooms."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"442, students are encouraged to focus instead on mastering a set of grade-level skills, like writing a scientific hypothesis or identifying themes in a story, moving to the next set of skills when they have demonstrated that they're ready."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"In these schools, there's no such thing as a C or a D for a lazily written term paper."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	There's no failing.	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"For struggling students, there's ample time to practice until they get it."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"For those who grasp concepts quickly, there's the opportunity to swiftly move ahead."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"New Hampshire is adopting it, too, and piloting a statewide method of assessment that'd replace most standardized tests."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"They'll be encouraged to attend workshops and tour schools, with the hope, one D.O.E."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"official said, that they'll find elements that they can use in their own classrooms."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	But the strategy wasn't widely used because it was so labor intensive for teachers.	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"Now, with computer-assisted teaching allowing for tailored exercises and online lessons, it's making a resurgence."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	“We want to change the conversation from ‘I’m not successful at this’ to ‘This is where you're on the ladder of growth.’”	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"While it may work to improve math skills, it's unlikely to help students advance in the humanities, she said."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"In any event, advocates argue, the current education system isn't working."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"They included the ability to add and subtract decimals; identify, understand and describe unit rate; recognize story elements; and discern what's important in a text."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"Progress throughout the year is cumulative, meaning that even if students don’t grasp something early on, if they learn it by the end of the year, they'll get a “good” grade."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"While film fraternity is divided on the issue, educationists certainly feel that these shows, in their current format, aren't good for children."	1
Should you restrict reality TV	It's sad to see them cry when they lose.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"If sports aren't bad, why reality shows?"	0
Should you restrict reality TV	These competitions are different from reality shows as they're not held for commercial reasons.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"There's nothing wrong in performing on stage but these should be for enjoyment purposes, taken up as a hobby, and shouldn't involve slogging, lots and lots of make-up, exaggeration etc."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	Why not introduce changes like having top 5 winners instead of just one so that children aren't badly hurt?	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"If sports aren't bad, why reality shows?"	0
Should you restrict reality TV	It's real and things are well-defined.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"Reality shows, on the other hand, aren't real, they're created keeping in mind the target audience."	1
Should you restrict reality TV	The problem with these shows is that the child fails to understand why his competitor is better than him and why he's rejected?	0
Should you restrict reality TV	The criteria for rejecting a contestant aren't properly defined in these shows.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	It's usually parents’ who want their children to perform on stage.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	It's an adult who puts these thoughts in their mind.	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"If sports aren't bad, why reality shows?"	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"While in sports, there's clear cut demarcation or marking scheme, reality shows are usually opinionated."	0
Should boxing be banned	Most trainers don't allow boxers to train and spar without wrist wraps and boxing gloves.	0
Should boxing be banned	"Hand wraps are used to secure the bones in the hand, and the gloves are used to protect the hands from blunt injury, allowing boxers to throw punches with more force than if they didn't use them."	0
Should boxing be banned	"This is a great exercise for stamina as the boxer is not allowed to go at his own pace but that of the trainer, typically forcing the fighter to endure a higher output and volume than usual."	0
Should boxing be banned	The trainer and assistant typically give advice to the boxer on what he's doing wrong as well as encouraging him if he's losing.	0
Should boxing be banned	There's no clear division between the force required to knock a person out and the force likely to kill a person [ref].	0
Should boxing be banned	"The editor, Dr. George Lundberg, called boxing an obscenity that shouldn't be sanctioned by any civilized society [ref]."	0
Should boxing be banned	"Dr. Bill O'Neill, boxing spokesman for the British Medical Association, has supported the BMA's proposed ban on boxing: It's the only sport where the intention is to inflict serious injury on your opponent, and we feel that we must have a total ban on boxing [ref]."	0
Should boxing be banned	"In 2007, one study of amateur boxers showed that protective headgear didn't prevent brain damage [ref], and another found that amateur boxers faced a high risk of brain damage [ref]."	1
Should boxing be banned	It was banned in Albania from 1965 until the fall of Communism in 1991; it's now legal there.	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	A recent review of several studies on juvenile curfews stated that they're ineffective at reducing both crime and victimization.	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"Curfew violations are a type of status offense, which means they criminalize behavior that's only illegal because the person involved is under eighteen."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	Status offenses unfairly punish young people for activity that's not considered dangerous to society (otherwise it'd be illegal for everyone to do it).	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	They're purely discriminatory and create criminals out of otherwise law-abiding citizens.	-1
Should there be a curfew for children?	"Because curfews increase the likelihood of young people being drawn into the criminal justice system, criminal justice reformers have begun to speak out against the “curfew-to-prison pipeline.” And the penalties for breaking curfew aren't trivial."	-1
Should there be a curfew for children?	"In fact, adults commit about 90% of crimes in the U.S. Of course, older people wouldn't tolerate such a strong restriction on their freedom or the targeting of an entire group."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"However, because police officers are forced to monitor, arrest, and process curfew violations, they're unable to direct their energies to dealing with actually dangerous behavior."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	There's ample evidence to show that street policing affects people of color in a disproportionate way.	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Similarly, in the field of competition law, commentators suppose that it's necessary to balance the innovation promoted by intellectual property against the competition safeguarded by competition law."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	In order to justify them and their exploitation on this basis it's necessary to show that they actually achieve an increase in innovation.	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"By contrast for competition law to apply there's no need to show that its intervention would actually result in improvements in efficiency, only that it's necessary to maintain competition."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"It's assumed that, at least in the long run, competition promotes greater efficiency."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Intellectual property rights shouldn't be seen as an alternative to competition, but rather as essential to enable competition in factors such as innovation and quality."	-1
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"In this respect intellectual property rights are similar to tangible property rights, which are necessary to enable competition in production, since otherwise it'd be more profitable to steal the products made by a rival than to try to make similar products more efficiently."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"So there's not really a need to reconcile a conflict between the protection of intellectual property and competition, but rather a need to find a balance between different forms of competition."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"However, competition law may further regulate this balance where the exploitation of intellectual property restricts competition in a way or to an extent that it's not justified for the protection of its specific subject-matter."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"And whether that's the case can generally be tested by comparing competition in all aspects (including innovation and quality) resulting from the conduct in issue with the competition that'd otherwise exist, taking into account the existence, ownership and justified scope of the intellectual property rights (the counterfactual)."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Both intellectual property and competition law enable economic operators to profit by doing better than other economic operators and thereby encourage them to strive to do so, that's to compete."	-1
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Striving for improvement doesn't always succeed.	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"We should look elsewhere, or wait a little longer, if greater innovation, quality and efficiency aren't in fact achieved."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Dozens of industries across our economy rely on the adequate enforcement of their patents, trademarks, and copyrights, while consumers use IP to ensure they're purchasing safe, guaranteed products."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	Bringing all of these important and diverse points together is the fact that protecting IP is a non-partisan issue that's shared by a broad coalition of interests.	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"In sociology and in everyday usage, it's a synonym for ethnic pluralism, with the two terms often used interchangeably, for example, a cultural pluralism[1] in which various ethnic groups collaborate and enter into a dialogue with one another without having to sacrifice their particular identities."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"It's often associated with identity politics, the politics of difference, and the politics of recognition."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	It's also a matter of economic interests and political power [ref].	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"It's within this context in which the term is most commonly understood and the broadness and scope of the definition, as well as its practical use, has been the subject of serious debate."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"In the Western English-speaking countries, multiculturalism as an official national policy started in Canada in 1971, followed by Australia in 1973 where it's maintained today [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Multiculturalism is seen by its supporters as a fairer system that allows people to truly express who they're within a society, that's more tolerant and that adapts better to social issues [ref]."	1
Should we accept multiculturalism	"They argue that culture isn't one definable thing based on one race or religion, but rather the result of multiple factors that change as the world changes."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Historically, support for modern multiculturalism stems from the changes in Western societies after World War II, in what Susanne Wessendorf calls the human rights revolution, in which the horrors of institutionalized racism and ethnic cleansing became almost impossible to ignore in the wake of the Holocaust; with the collapse of the European colonial system, as colonized nations in Africa and Asia successfully fought for their independence and pointed out the discriminatory underpinnings of the colonial system; and, in the United States in particular, with the rise of the Civil Rights Movement, which criticized ideals of assimilation that often led to prejudices against those who didn't act according to Anglo-American standards and which led to the development of academic ethnic studies programs as a way to counteract the neglect of contributions by racial minorities in classrooms [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Tariq Modood argues that in the early years of the 21st century, multiculturalism is most timely and necessary, and [...] we need more not less, since it's the form of integration that (1) best fits the ideal of egalitarianism, (2) has the best chance of succeeding in the post-9/11, post 7/7 world, and (3) has remained moderate [and] pragmatic [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Instead, he argues that multiculturalism is in fact not about minorities but is about the proper terms of relationship between different cultural communities, which means that the standards by which the communities resolve their differences, e.g., the principles of justice mustn't come from only one of the cultures but must come through an open and equal dialogue between them [ref]."	1
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Balibar characterizes criticisms of multiculturalism as differentialist racism, which he describes as a covert form of racism that doesn't purport ethnic superiority as much as it asserts stereotypes of perceived incompatibility of life-styles and traditions [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"While there's research that suggests that ethnic diversity increases chances of war, lower public goods provision and decreases democratization, there's also research that shows that ethnic diversity in itself isn't detrimental to peace [ref], public goods provision[37][38] or democracy [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"It's argued that nation states, who would previously have been synonymous with a distinctive cultural identity of their own, lose out to enforced multiculturalism and that this ultimately erodes the host nations' distinct culture [ref]."	-1
Should we accept multiculturalism	And it’s not just that we don’t trust people who aren't like us.	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	I think in the long run we will all be better [ref].	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Diverse peoples worldwide are mostly engaged in hating each other—that is, when they're not killing each other."	0
Should schools be forced to offer English courses	"However, these transfer effects are typically stronger for beginners' language production, and SLA research has highlighted many errors which can't be attributed to the L1, as they're attested in learners of many language backgrounds (for example, failure to apply 3rd person present singular -s to verbs, as in 'he make' not 'he makes')."	0
Should schools be forced to offer English courses	"For instance, in I'm suffering terribly, suffering is the verb, but in My suffering is terrible, it's a noun."	0
Should schools be forced to offer English courses	Another study looked at Chinese ESL students and British teachers and found that the Chinese learners didn't see classroom 'discussion and interaction' type of communication for learning as important but placed a heavy emphasis on teacher-directed lectures [ref].	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"Although the park holds the promise of a large number of new, more highly paid jobs for a population that's still overwhelmingly rural, the creation of such parks also brings about challenges for labour markets and urban policy."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The world isn't a frictionless plane.	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"There's a debate within the medical and bioethics literature about whether or not the non-voluntary (and by extension, involuntary) killing of patients can be regarded as euthanasia, irrespective of intent or the patient's circumstances."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"In the definitions offered by Beauchamp and Davidson and, later, by Wreen, consent on the part of the patient wasn't considered as one of their criteria, although it may have been required to justify euthanasia [ref]."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"While some authors consider these terms to be misleading and unhelpful, they're nonetheless commonly used."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"In some cases, such as the administration of increasingly necessary, but toxic doses of painkillers, there's a debate whether or not to regard the practice as active or passive [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Abortion isn't considered a component of family planning [ref], although access to contraception and family planning reduces the need for abortion [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	It's most usually applied to a female-male couple who wish to limit the number of children they have and/or to control the timing of pregnancy (also known as spacing children).	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In the other case, if the person doesn't wish to have a child at the specific time, they can investigate the resources that are needed to prevent pregnancy, such as birth control, contraceptives, or physical protection and prevention."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	There's no clear social impact case for or against conceiving a child.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"While motherhood is often a positive and fulfilling experience, for too many women it's associated with suffering, ill-health and even death."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Also, if additional children are desired after a child is born, it's healthier for the mother and the child to wait at least 2 years after the previous birth before attempting to conceive (but not more than 5 years) [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"After a miscarriage or abortion, it's healthier to wait at least 6 months [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Like older men, older women have a higher chance of having a child with autism or Down syndrome, the chances of having multiple births increases, which cause further late-pregnancy risks, they have an increased chance of developing gestational diabetes, the need for a Caesarian section is greater, older women's bodies aren't as well-suited for delivering a baby."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Surgical methods (tubal ligation, vasectomy) provide long-term contraception for those who've completed their families [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The 1989 Kenya Demographic and Health Survey found half of the women who recalled hearing or seeing family planning messages in radio, print, and television consequently used contraception, compared with 14% who didn't recall family planning messages in the media, even after age, residence and socioeconomic status were taken into account [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Seventeen governments didn't support family planning.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"NGOs may meet the needs of local poor by encouraging self-help and participation, understanding social and cultural subtleties, and working around red tape when governments don't adequately meet the needs of their constituents."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"NGOs can contribute to informing government policy, developing programs, or carry out programs that the government won't or can not implement [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) says that, “Some 225 million women who want to avoid pregnancy aren't using safe and effective family planning methods, for reasons ranging from lack of access to information or services to lack of support from their partners or communities.” [44] UNFPA says that, “Most of these women with an unmet need for contraceptives live in 69 of the poorest countries on earth.” [44]"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Many empirical studies have tested the quantity-quality trade-off and either observed a negative correlation between family size and child quality or didn't find a correlation [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Most studies treat family size as an exogenous variable because parents choose childbearing and child outcome and therefore can't establish causality.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"They're both influenced by typically non-observable parental preferences and household characteristics, but some studies observe proxy variables such as investment in education."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	214 million women of reproductive age in developing countries who don't want to become pregnant aren't using a modern contraceptive method [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In Africa, 24.2% of women of reproductive age don't have access to modern contraction."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In the least developed countries, 22% of the population don't have access to contraceptives, and 40% use contraceptives [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"This suggests that as wealthier women begin to want smaller families, they'll increasingly seek out family planning methods [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Also, the demand that's satisfied and the proportion of women using modern methods increased."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Nonetheless, even in countries where it's assumed that family programs will make a marginal impact, Bongaarts shows that family planning programs can potentially increase contraceptive use and increase/decrease demand depending on the preexisting attitudes of the community."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Another issue that's raised in the one-child policy in China is the information in regards to naturally giving birth to twins or triplets.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In agreement with the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo, Pakistan pledged that by 2010 it'd provide universal access to family planning."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Since the dissolution of the Soviet Union abortion rates have fallen considerably, but they're still higher than rates in many developed countries."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"While there's general agreement about its provisions on maternal and child health, there's great debate on its mandate that the Philippine government and the private sector will fund and undertake widespread distribution of family planning devices such as condoms, birth control pills, and IUDs, as the government continues to disseminate information on their use through all health care centers."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In 1970, Thailand's government declared a population policy that'd battle the country's rapid population growth rate."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Since becoming available over the counter it hasn't reduced the use of other forms of contraception, as some moralists feared it might [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Current funding for Title X is less than 40% of what's needed to meet the need for publicly funded family planning [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	About 3 out of 10 women in the United States have an abortion by the time they're 45 years old [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	There are many reasons as to why women don't use contraceptives.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"It's supported by a group of international NGOs, including:"	0
Should we support family education	"The right to homeschool isn't frequently questioned in court, but the amount of state regulation and help that can or should be expected continues to be subject to legal debate."	0
Should we support family education	"In these estimations, students were defined as being homeschooled if their parents reported them as being schooled at home instead of at a public or private school for at least part of their education, and if their part-time enrollment in public or private school didn't exceed 25 hours a week, and excluded students who were schooled at home primarily because of a temporary illness [ref]."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	What that means is that we're at risk of losing these animals completely.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	Extinction is a natural process that'd happen with or without humans.	-1
Should we protect endangered animals?	"But, while that's the case, research shows that extinctions are happening quicker now than ever before."	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	"And, that's heartbreaking."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"For example, bees may seem small and insignificant, but they have a huge role to play in our ecosystem – they're pollinators."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	This means they're responsible for the reproduction plants.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	They're also not the most attractive of birds.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"India’s Parsi community doesn't bury or cremate their dead, and depends on vultures to cleanly consume and dispose of the bodies."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	Some of us may even think that it's our moral obligation to protect all creatures alive.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	A 2012 study published in Science estimated that it'd cost more than $65 billion annually to protect just birds around the world.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Now, scientists say that we're in the middle of the sixth mass extinction, driven by humans."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	But human troubles and species extinctions aren't mutually exclusive.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"As the U.S. FWS notes, “the biochemistry of unexamined species is an unfathomed reservoir of new and potentially more effective substances.” And it's worth saving them for unforeseen uses."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Many endangered species don't necessarily make compounds directly useful for us, or aren’t charismatic enough to attract tourists."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"But if the age-old argument of saving nature for the sake of nature isn't convincing enough, we should perhaps care about endangered species simply because our well-being depends on them."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Such money can be used in other developments by the government or it may filter down to other consumers who'll use it as well.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"Had the money been used and went in to another country, a vacuum ensues which to fill it'll take the citizens producing more or seeking buyers from outside the country (Cato 99)."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"It's common that when people buy locally, the price of products reduces."	1
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	This concept emanates from the fact that locally produced goods don't need specialized processing and packaging.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"In countries and especially those seeking industrialization to promote local buying, they're in fact building a base for economic growth."	1
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"Had people or consumers taken that money to another country, they'll be deprived of such developments."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	It's this money that people will tend to save for their future undertakings.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"The time it'd have taken a person to go to another place so as to make purchases is spent on other matters since he or she obtained what was needed at a nearby place (Benefits of Buying Local, web)."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	It's very common that there be people in a certain manufacturing plant to addresses any issues that consumers may raise.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"As already stated that local manufacturing and consuming doesn't require lengthy transport of goods, it becomes obvious that wear and tear is reduced considerably."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"If then such distances are local, products which reach the consumer will bear excellent quality since they haven't travelled for long distances."	1
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	This however shouldn't be done so as to discourage local buying.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	It's a common scenario to see products from other countries come in and still be cheaper than those locally produced.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	It's the base on which all other factors of livelihood of a country’s citizen lies.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"In doing so, they'll eventually see the many benefits that comes with buying locally produced goods and not only to them but also to the country’s economy."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	They can do so by promoting protectionism legislation that discourages their country’s market isn't flooded by cheaper foreign goods.	0
Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	"The animals are euthanized at the end of studies for sample collection or post-mortem examination; during studies if their pain or suffering falls into certain categories regarded as unacceptable, such as depression, infection that's unresponsive to treatment, or the failure of large animals to eat for five days;[144] or when they're unsuitable for breeding or unwanted for some other reason [ref]."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"Breakfast clubs generally enhance both academic performance and behavior, especially for children whose parents mightn't otherwise be able to afford to provide them with regular meals."	1
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Attendance of a breakfast club isn't mandatory; many parents prefer to feed their children at home.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Between the wars the Oslo breakfast became famous worldwide; claims were widely reported that it helped children fed on it grow several inches taller than they'd otherwise.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	There's no standard model for a breakfast club.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	They're preparing to give them breakfast.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"You cannot have good learning if the children are not ready to learn, says head teacher Louise Nichols, and she knows what she is talking about."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	And she knows that because it is what used to happen.run by and physically located in schools.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Breakfast clubs can be especially valuable for children whose parents aren't able to afford to provide them with regular morning meals.	1
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It is 8 o'clock on a bright morning at the end of the summer term just gone and at Kingsmead primary school in Hackney the staff are preparing to perform one of their core tasks.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	They're preparing to give them breakfast.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"You cannot have good learning if the children are not ready to learn, says head teacher Louise Nichols, and she knows what she is talking about."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	And she knows that because it is what used to happen.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Kingsmead is in an area that's among the 4% most deprived in Britain.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	But many more come because there simply is not breakfast to be had at home.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"There is a lot of chaotic households, and some very large families, Nichols says, in the pause before breakfast starts."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	And then there are those adults who simply do not have the money to feed their kids.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"They talk about anxious or fretful children who cannot put a name to what is troubling them, because they are too hungry to focus on the problem."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"What is more, as changes to the benefits rules kick in and the recession deepens, organisations involved with breakfast clubs are saying the problems are only worsening, that demand is rising."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"It's estimated that there have been as many as 20,000 such clubs nationwide, but those supported by local authorities are now seeing their funding cut, and just as that demand is rising many are being forced to close."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"Last spring the Royal College of GPs, the National Association of Head Teachers and the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health all called on the government to give the 1.3 million children in England already entitled to free school meals, free breakfasts too, as they're in Wales."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It is not going to happen; ministers have said they have no plans to pursue the proposals.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"Bagels are the most popular, though we also do beans every other day and in the winter there is porridge with maple syrup which they like."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	The staff don't play down the socialising element.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It is important.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It is a story reported across schools offering free breakfasts.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Which is worrying because it is something we seriously need.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"It is a similar story over at Keyworth primary in Kennington, south London, another outstanding school in an area of high deprivation , which also gets support from Magic Breakfast."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"It is too busy at my house, says one nine year old."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"I come because my mum does not really make my breakfast for me, says a third."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Because there is no food.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It's the cold logic of the child.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	I do not think people understand that kids do not get breakfast for many different reasons.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	You cannot be judgmental because you simply do not know what circumstances they find themselves in.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	(It's a sentiment echoed by Louise Nichols at Kingsmead.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"I am Hackney born and bred, Nichols says."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"In any case, she says, once you start judging the parents you start labelling the child, and they're what matters."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"They're the ones who are suffering, for whatever reason.)"	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It is down to changes in benefit rules forcing unemployed parents who were able to be there for their children out on to work experience early in the morning.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It is also down to a simple lack of hard cash.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"According to Eastwood, It is a fact of life in an inner city school."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"What is more, we were talking at the end of the summer term."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	That is true.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	I could not do very much.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It was not.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"By 2008 she realised, in her own words, that the cavalry was not coming."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Government was not going to deal with the issue.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"She approached the makers of Quaker Oats and Tropicana juices and convinced them to deliver £600,000 worth of food and drink a year (both companies supply their own products, though this isn't the case for all supporters of breakfast clubs: Kellogg's give grants instead)."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	And that is how we have made it work.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Until now we have not had any public grants.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It is all been done through partnerships with business.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It is madness that I have to do this.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	You cannot have hungry children missing out on their education.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	And it is getting worse.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Children coming into school listless because they are hungry.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	We are also seeing more midweek hunger as pay packets and benefits run out at home.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Now it is nearly 20%.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"So far we have only had 15% of the benefits cut, says Alison Garnham, chief executive of the CPAG, and we are already seeing the impact."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	We have got the vast majority still to come and that is very worrying.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"But it is a long way from McConnell's ambitious plan to raise £13m, with which she believes she could provide the 1,000 poorest schools with self-sustaining breakfast clubs."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	And it is even further away from central government support.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"According to the DoE, the so-called pupil premium, aimed at the most disadvantaged children, will double, but that is not until 2014/15, which may be far too little far too late."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"Even a report into school food, commissioned by Michael Gove from Henry Dimbleby and John Vincent, the founders of the Leon healthy fast-food chain, won't be delivered until sometime next year."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"We do not need to wait for a detailed double-blind trial to prove that children who are hungry will find it hard to concentrate, says Dimbleby."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"But again, even if their recommendations are acted upon – and that's a very big if, given the track record of the education department under Gove – any change will still be measured in years."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"In the meantime it's being left to dedicated people such as Carmel McConnell and Magic Breakfast, to big brands, to teaching assistants and staff across the country who are prepared to get up early enough to make sure that all of Britain's children have had enough to eat in the morning to prepare them for school."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It'd be shocking at any time.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	But in 21st-century Britain that's nothing short of a scandal.	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	Terminal illness or end-stage disease is a disease that can't be cured or adequately treated and is reasonably expected to result in death of the patient.	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"There's no standardized life expectancy for a patient to be considered terminal, although it's generally months or less."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	Life expectancy for terminal patients is a rough estimate given by the physician based on previous data and doesn't always reflect true longevity [ref].	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"While death can't be avoided, patients can still strive to die a good death [ref]."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"By definition, there's not a cure or adequate treatment for terminal illnesses."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	Doctors generally don't provide estimates for fear of instilling false hopes or obliterate an individual's hope [ref].	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	or if the caregiver doesn't know how to handle the situation.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"When species become endangered, it's a sign of an ecosystem’s imbalance."	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	"When saving endangered species, we're ultimately saving ourselves."	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	"A sustainable way to do that's to get involved as a volunteer, partnering with governments and organisations on existing projects."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Not only is this a great way to learn about wildlife conservation, but you'll gain hands-on, professional field experience, which can be difficult to obtain."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Today, few rhinos survive outside of national parks, and even then, they're still in danger."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"More recently, they're employed as a cure for cancer and general status symbol in Vietnam."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"As a volunteer on GVI’s anti-poaching project, you'll be trained on the conservation issues South Africa is dealing with in protecting the rhino."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"You'll learn how to increase awareness of this issue, and work alongside local partners to collect data on rhinos, and other wildlife species."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"As a volunteer in Chiang Mai, at GVI’s Thailand elephant reintegration project, you'll collect data on behavioural and feeding patterns and participate in regular health checks."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"You'll work alongside elephant trainers, who've generations of knowledge on elephant behaviour and care."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"During your time in Thailand you'll live with a local family, helping you to better understand how this community’s survival relies on these endangered animals."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"It’s where he took the young lady that's interesting: They went to a debate, one on the proposition “that commission form of municipal government is an improvement on the present system.”"	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"I didn't have a date with me Tuesday night when I attended just such a debate at the Crosby Street Hotel in SoHo, but I wouldn’t have felt the need to apologize to her if I had."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"Mr. Bagwell, arguing the other side, noted that bad role models on television aren't limited to reality shows — there are plenty in scripted TV as well."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"He also noted that despite the genre’s name, they're actually anti-reality; those on the shows and those who aspire to be on them adopt made-for-the-camera mannerisms and mind-sets."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"Still, it was all pretty invigorating, and I'd propose a nationwide revival of debating, not just as a dating destination, but as a way to determine what we should do to bring order to the chaos that's television today."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	Wind turbines don't affect human health with their noise when properly placed [ref].	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"A 2014 report for the Northern Ireland Environment Agency noted that siting wind turbines on peatland could release considerable carbon dioxide from the peat, and also damage the peatland contributions to flood control and water quality: The potential knock-on effects of using the peatland resource for wind turbines are considerable and it's arguable that the impacts on this facet of biodiversity will have the most noticeable and greatest financial implications for Northern Ireland [ref]."	-1
Should we promote the use of wind energy	Turbines aren't generally installed in urban areas.	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	It's hypothesized that a portion of bat fatalities are attributed to the wind displacement caused by the wind turbine blades as they move through the air causing insects in the area to become disoriented making it a dense area of prey - an attractive hunting ground for bats [ref].	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"Wind power has a negligible effect on global mean surface temperature, and it'd deliver enormous global benefits by reducing emissions of CO"	1
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"We are not pessimistic about wind, he said."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"We have not absolutely proven this effect, and we would rather see that people undertake further research [ref]."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	It's in these cases that the state must act to protect its people and ensure long term benefits.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"However, this humanitarian crisis doesn't only harm those directly affected, it also creates an unattractive environment for business."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"Thus, people who enter the city can't find work, as production doesn't grow in relation to the people who enter."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The cause of rural-urban migration in developing nations and the main reason why it becomes problematic is that people who move to the cities aren't making informed decisions.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"They're led to believe that the cities contain opportunities that they can't find where they live, and there are no mechanisms such as efficient media or adequate education to eradicate this misconception [ref]."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	It's inhuman to condemn individuals to death and suffering for the benefit of some nebulous collective theory.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	It's practically impossible to control people's movement	-1
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	One of the major problems with the proposal lies in the very fact that we're indeed dealing with developing nations.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"In short, the law will only work in some cases and where it works it'll lead to increased segregation and more crime."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	This planet doesn't find worse living standards anywhere than in the rural areas of developing countries.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	It's a poorly concealed policy aimed at maintaining a gaping social cleavage and allowing the rich to remain rich.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"Indeed this is the whole basis of most models of migration, people leave rural areas because there's surplus labour in that area while the cities needs new workers [ref]."	-1
Should all museums be opened for free	"And while my diet may have relied disproportionately on toast and jam, there was one thing I wasn't starved of: arts and culture."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"While the idea hasn't gone unchallenged, it has nevertheless stayed firmly in place since."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Beyond the specifics of enforcement, though, is the wider implication: It tells us that wide access to art isn't only unsustainable, but that it’s not a civic priority, either."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"While the piecemeal approach to arts funding in the US is a world away from the UK’s top-down approach, it's true that there are plenty of museums and institutions in New York City which offer pay as you wish time windows (some are sponsored by companies, such as Uniqlo’s partnership with MoMA), as well as museums that never charge."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"But while the method for keeping the doors of museums open may differ, the top-down idea that access to arts and culture isn't just an urban perk but a government-sponsored right does something, I think, to the way we think about culture as a society."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"It should be said that while visitors have undeniably increased in the UK since 2001, data about just who has visited the UK’s free art museums hasn't been as socio-economically diverse as idealistic policy-makers might’ve hoped."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"While efforts to invite a broader swath of the population to visit the museums that house publicly-owned art should continue, I'd argue that even when they don’t, there's public benefit (even beyond the “existence value” argument)."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Whether they're visiting museums as a kid with their parents, a tourist on their first visit to a city, or a broke waitress on a break, the reminder that artists and creators of history have done that too, matters hugely."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The reasons for such ambitions are clear: It's nearly impossible under current technology to run cars, trucks, ships and jet planes on energy generated from wind or sun."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"What's more, bioenergy is now being drafted to make electricity."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"There's a big problem with this strategy, though."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"“Dedicating land to bioenergy always comes at a cost because that land can't produce plants for other purposes,” said Timothy Searchinger, a researcher at Princeton and the World Resources Institute and a co-writer of a recent report that calls for a rollback of crops dedicated to biofuels."	-1
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The argument for aggressive deployment of bioenergy assumes that it's carbon-neutral because plants pull CO2 back from the air when they grow, offsetting the carbon emitted from burning them as fuel."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"“Burning biomass instead of fossil fuels doesn't reduce the carbon emitted by power plants,” a group of 78 scientists wrote on Monday to Gina McCarthy, the E.P.A.’s director, warning against the new power plant policy."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"“Burning biomass, such as trees, that'd otherwise continue to absorb and store carbon comes at the expense of reduced carbon storage.”"	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Absent a big increase in bioenergy supplies, the climate change panel’s analysis reported, it'd cost about two-thirds more, on average, to prevent the earth’s temperature from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels, generally considered the tipping point for climatic upheaval."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"André Faaij, an expert on energy systems at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands and author of many important assessments used by the panel on the potential for bioenergy, argues that it's definitely feasible."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In a recent research article, Professor Faaij and colleagues calculated that it'd be technically possible to get about 100 exajoules by 2050 from what they call “surplus forest growth,” meaning the bits of forest that are neither protected nor already exploited for wood, and wood waste."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Indeed, it'll be hard to maintain the productivity growth of the last several decades, he says, let alone substantially increase it."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"“Because the world needs to produce 70 percent more of virtually all the products of land — crops, grasses and wood — by 2050, there's no additional room for bioenergy, and any capacity to increase crop yields and to make better use of any underutilized land is already needed for these other purposes,” Mr. Searchinger said."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	There's probably a limited role for biofuels from waste products.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	Razing it again for fuel isn't the best idea.	0
Should we ban human cloning	This isn't the place for in-depth analysis of the underlying debate.	0
Should we ban human cloning	In this section we seek to show why attempts to understand the ethical basis of the existing law can't focus solely on the existing regulatory outcomes.	0
Should we ban human cloning	Agreement on the appropriate regulatory position doesn't imply agreement on the underlying ethical principles.	0
Should we ban human cloning	It follows that the fact that the regulatory position permits or prohibits NRC doesn't do even tell us what status the embryo is considered to have.	0
Should we ban human cloning	Only supporters of the full status position can't coherently make such pragmatic compromises [18].	0
Should we ban human cloning	"Even time-limited prohibition doesn't enable us to discern whether it's underpinned by, for example, the view that RC is wrong because of current safety issues or the view that RC isn't wrong but the most effective way to get there's by initially prohibiting it."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"Even where there's agreement as to the regulatory outcome, policy-makers shouldn't confuse this with agreement on underlying ethical principles."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"These are questions we mightn't need to answer just yet, but the science of cloning is advancing."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"In this case, the plaintiff argued both for mandatory labeling on the basis of consumer demand, and that GMO foods should undergo the same testing requirements as food additives because they're materially changed and have potentially unidentified health risks."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	The plaintiff also alleged that the FDA didn't follow the Administrative Procedures Act in formulating and disseminating its policy on GMO's.	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"The paper produced a public uproar and demonstrations, however by 2001 multiple follow-up studies had concluded that the most common types of Bt maize pollen aren't toxic to monarch larvae in concentrations the insects would encounter in the fields and that they had brought that particular question to a close [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"They found that financial conflict of interest wasn't associated with study outcome (p = 0.631) while author affiliation to industry (i.e., a professional conflict of interest) was strongly associated with study outcome (p < 0.001) [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"Of the 94 studies that were analyzed, 52% didn't declare funding."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Antipsychotic medications haven't been found to be useful [ref].	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	It's common for individuals with drugs use disorder to have other psychological problems [ref].	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Individuals who've a comorbid psychological disorder often have a poor prognosis if either disorder is untreated [ref].	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	It's an eclectic concept having only one uniform connotation: societal disapproval.	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"In 1987, the DSM-IIIR category psychoactive substance abuse, which includes former concepts of drug abuse is defined as a maladaptive pattern of use indicated by...continued use despite knowledge of having a persistent or recurrent social, occupational, psychological or physical problem that's caused or exacerbated by the use (or by) recurrent use in situations in which it's physically hazardous."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"It's a residual category, with dependence taking precedence when applicable."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"Recurrent substance use in situations in which it's physically hazardous (e.g., driving an automobile or operating a machine when impaired by substance use)"	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"However, the APA's 'dependence' term, as noted above, doesn't mean that physiologic dependence is present but rather means that a disease state is present, one that most would likely refer to as an addicted state."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"These drugs are often called illegal drugs but generally what's illegal is their unlicensed production, distribution, and possession."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"However, the UK Home Office doesn't estimate what portion of those crimes are unintended consequences of drug prohibition (crimes to sustain expensive drug consumption, risky production and dangerous distribution), nor what's the cost of enforcement."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"Immigrants and refugees may bring the substance use and abuse patterns and behaviors of their country of origin [ref], or adopt the attitudes, behaviors, and norms regarding substance use and abuse that exist within the dominant culture into which they're entering [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	There's evidence to suggest that substance abuse disproportionately affects the homeless veteran population.	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"However, this relationship wasn't true when comparing homeless participants who had a current substance-use disorders [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"For treatments that don't involve medication, they offer a therapeutic options that focused on finding outside support groups and “looking at how substance use problems may relate to other problems such as PTSD and depression” [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The DOE reported there's uncertainty about the underlying resource base in ANWR.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Consequently, there's considerable uncertainty regarding both the size and quality of the oil resources that exist in ANWR."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"A considerable source for the uncertainty is due to the fact that the Department of Energy-based these estimates of technically recoverable oil on extremely low price per barrel figures ranging from $12 to $24 per barrel, which hasn't been seen in a long time [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Consequently, ANWR oil production isn't projected to have any significant impact on world oil prices [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Furthermore, the Energy Information Administration doesn't feel ANWR will affect the global price of oil when past behaviors of the oil market are considered."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"President George W. Bush's administration supported drilling in the Arctic Refuge, saying that it could keep [America]'s economy growing by creating jobs and ensuring that businesses can expand [and] it'll make America less dependent on foreign sources of energy, and that scientists have developed innovative techniques to reach ANWR's oil with virtually no impact on the land or local wildlife [ref]."	-1
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	President Donald Trump said that he had little interest in drilling in the Arctic Refuge until a friend who is in that world and in that business called and told him Republicans have been trying to do so for decades — so he had it included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"After that I said, 'Oh, make sure that is in the [tax] bill,' he said in a speech at the GOP congressional retreat [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In a League of Conservation Voters questionnaire, Obama said, I strongly reject drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge because it'd irreversibly damage a protected national wildlife refuge without creating sufficient oil supplies to meaningfully affect the global market price or have a discernible impact on U.S. energy security."	1
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Senator John McCain, while running for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination, said, As far as ANWR is concerned, I do not want to drill in the Grand Canyon, and I do not want to drill in the Everglades."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	There's little direct knowledge regarding the petroleum geology of the ANWR region.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	... ANWR oil production isn't projected to have a large impact on world oil prices.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"The NRDC has said that drilling wouldn't take place in a compact, 2,000-acre (810 ha) space as proponents say, but would create a spiderweb of industrial sprawl across the whole of the refuge's 1.5-million-acre (0.61-million ha) coastal plain, including drill sites, airports and roads, and gravel mines, spreading across more than 640,000 acres (260,000 ha)."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The NRDC also said there's danger of oil spills in the region [ref].	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In March 2005 Luci Beach, the executive director of the steering committee for the Native Alaskan and Canadian Gwich'in tribe (a member of the AI-TC), during a trip to Washington D.C., while speaking for a unified group of 55 Alaskan and Canadian indigenous peoples, said that drilling in ANWR is a human rights issue and it is a basic Aboriginal human rights issue [ref]."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"The United States, by comparison, elected not to use women in combat because public opinion wouldn't tolerate it."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Women wouldn't be considered for enlistment if they were married and had children dependent on them.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	They couldn't be sent to the existing centres as it was necessary that they be separated from male recruits.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"One woman blatantly exclaimed that she couldn't wait to turn eighteen to enlist, because she had fantasies of assassinating Hitler."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Enlisted women were issued entire uniforms minus the undergarments, for which they'd receive a quarterly allowance."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	To be an enlisted woman during the creation stages wasn't easy.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Besides the fact that everyone was learning as they went, they didn't receive the support they needed from the male recruits."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Proudly She Marches and Wings on Her Shoulder were made to show the acceptance of female recruits, while showing the men that although they were taking jobs traditionally intended for men, they'd be able to retain their femininity [ref]."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"She was featured in photographs to represent native people in the forces, yet at the same time wasn't welcome in the barracks due to discrimination [ref]."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"While women still faced discrimination from some of the highly stereotypical older soldiers and officers who didn't like women playing with their guns, women were given rifle practice and taught to use anti-aircraft guns while serving in their batteries."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"If that were to ever happen, they'd be evacuated immediately."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Whilst women were limited in some of their roles, they were expected to perform to the same standard as a male soldier performing the same role, and although they couldn't participate in frontline combat, they still manned anti-aircraft guns and defences which actively engaged hostile aircraft above Britain."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"This important distinction meant that women didn't tend to be nominated for medals of valour or bravery, because they were only awarded for active operations against enemy in the field, which women couldn't take part in."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	The only major difference between an ATS member and a male member of the Regular Army was discipline: a woman wasn't allowed to be court marshalled unless she herself chose to be.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"This act couldn't force women to join the forces, but instead required women aged from 20–30 to try to find employment through labour exchanges and provide information on their current employment and family situations [ref]."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Those who were deemed eligible were persuaded into the war industry because the Ministry of Labour didn't have the power to force [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Married women were exempt from conscription, but those who were eligible had the option to work in war industry or civil defense if they didn't want to join one of the services [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"It's governed by a 36-member executive board that establishes policies, approves programs, and oversees administrative and financial plans."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"As a matter of custom, permanent members of the Security Council don't serve as officers of the Executive Board."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"It's responsible for maintaining an effective relationship between the Executive Board and the UNICEF secretariat, and helps to organize the field visits of the Executive Board [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"This prompted the agency to say, it's the first time in Unicef's history that a commercial entity has purposely set out to capitalise on one of our campaigns and subsequently damage an income stream which several of our programs for children are dependent on."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"They went on to call on the public who've children’s welfare at heart, to consider carefully who they support when making consumer choices [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"Australian A-League club Sydney FC announced they'd also enter into a partnership with UNICEF raising funds for children in the Asia-Pacific region, and would also display the UNICEF logo for the remainder of the 2011-12 A-League season [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	who'll show the organization's logo on the front of their shirts.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"This week, The Outline published “Tinder isn't actually for meeting anyone,” a first-person account of the relatable experience of swiping and swiping through thousands of potential matches and having very little to show for it."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	“The brain isn't well built to choose between hundreds or thousands of alternatives.” The most we can handle is nine.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"“Technology can't change the basic brain structure of romance,” she said, “Technology is changing the way we court.” She described this as a shift to “slow love,” with dating taking on a new significance, and the pre-commitment stage being drawn out, giving today’s young people “even more time for romance.”"	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Last month, I started making a Spotify playlist made up of boys’ choices for the “My Anthem” field on Tinder, and wondered if it'd be immoral to show it to anyone — self-presentation stripped of its context, pushed back into being just art, but with a header that twisted it into a sick joke."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Certainly I'd not make the argument that dating apps are pleasant all the time, or that a dating app has helped find everlasting love for every person who has ever sought it, but it’s time to stop throwing anecdotal evidence at a debate that has already been ended with numbers."	0
Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Suffrage isn't a right.	0
Should we advocate women's right to choose?	It's a privilege that may or may not be granted.	0
Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Politics is no place for a women consequently the privilege shouldn't be granted to her.	-1
Should we advocate women's right to choose?	"To man, woman is the dearest creature on earth, and there's no extreme to which he wouldn't go for his mother or sister."	0
Should we advocate women's right to choose?	Woman doesn't have to vote to secure her rights.	-1
Should we advocate women's right to choose?	As long as woman is woman and keeps her place she'll get more protection and more consideration than man gets.	0
Should we advocate women's right to choose?	It's wrong.	0
Should we advocate women's right to choose?	"Let her be content with her lot and perform those high duties intended for her by the Great Creator, and she'll accomplish far more in governmental affairs that she can ever accomplish by mixing up in the dirty pool of politics."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"More than half of respondents have called for a ban on celebrities who've drug problems, a poll released yesterday by China Youth Daily and sina.com showed."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"As the pressures of life and work increase, people, especially celebrities, are likely to find a way to relax, and soft drugs are easy to get, Shi said, adding that people's drug knowledge often refers to hard drugs, but education about soft drugs isn't so widespread."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"But in the battle with drugs, soft drugs are becoming an important target and more people think it's fine to take soft drugs, which also triggers the domino effect of celebrities involved in drug addict, Shi said."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"They're facing heavier pressure to build a good image and they have to keep creating songs, soaps and movies to attract their fans."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"Their bad behavior can sound an alarm for youth, so what we should do is guide people to learn what's right, Zhang said."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	The reputation of a brand is the key factor when a consumer decides if they'll buy the product or not.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"“Luxury must be comfortable, otherwise it's not luxury,” said Coco Chanel."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Once the brand has become established in this way it's easier to sell a wider product range.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	To give gifts is another reason why we're buying foreign products.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	If you are in the market for quality imported goods from a trusted distributor with over 10 years experience in the industry then Just Great Imports is where you should be doing your shopping.	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Of the museums surveyed by the paper, nearly half don't charge general admission."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Carl Cohen, professor of philosophy at the University of Michigan, argues that rights holders must be able to distinguish between their own interests and what's right."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In applying such rules, [they] ... must recognize possible conflicts between what's in their own interest and what's just."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Cohen rejects Singer's argument that, since a brain-damaged human couldn't make moral judgments, moral judgments can't be used as the distinguishing characteristic for determining who's awarded rights."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Cohen writes that the test for moral judgment isn't a test to be administered to humans one by one, but should be applied to the capacity of members of the species in general [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	It'd be monstrous to spare the dog [ref].	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Posner replies that equality in civil rights didn't occur because of ethical arguments, but because facts mounted that there were no morally significant differences between humans based on race, sex, or sexual orientation that'd support inequality."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Every legal privilege, he writes, imposes a burden on the one who doesn't possess that privilege: that is, your right may be my duty."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"It's within this fiction that the appeal of animal rights lies, he argues."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	It's driven by pull factors that attract people to urban areas and push factors that drive people away from the countryside.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	First we'll look at the many positive impacts of urbanisation before going on to describe some of the challenges created by rapid unplanned urban growth.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"However, these many benefits of urban life don't apply to all."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	It's especially difficult to provide water and sanitation services to deprived areas and the poorest people.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Pit latrines and septic tanks are the usual methods for human waste disposal but they have limited capacity and aren't always adequate to cope with the quantity of waste produced by many people living close together.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Any changes to the quality of surface water also affects groundwater because they're linked by the processes of the water cycle so pollutants from the surface will infiltrate down and contaminate soil and groundwater as well.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Sometimes the wastes are collected and taken to legalised waste disposal sites but these aren't always properly managed to protect water bodies and groundwater.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	People want to get rid of the wastes and they'll burn them in their backyards if there's no collection system (Figure 5.7).	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	In the next study session we'll look at some of the ways in which these problems and challenges can be addressed by considering the future demands for urban living and by taking a planned approach to the development of new urban areas.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	"Beggars on streets are not homeless, they are fraudsters, say police"	-1
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	But the comments have been criticised by some local residents who've insisted there are homeless people living in the city.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	"We don't want people to be misled, because it can be a lucrative opportunity."	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	It's natural to feel for anyone who appears to be living on the streets or who seems to be affected by hardship.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	We urge anyone who wants to assist the issue of homelessness to donate to registered charity who'll take a coordinated approach to tackling the problem.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	If you do feel moved to give something - offer food or a warm drink by all means - but please don't offer money.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	"Angela Parmenter, housing and community safety manager at ECDC, said: Sometimes people do not want to engage with us because it is possible to earn substantial amounts of money on the streets of Ely."	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	It may appear that the local authority is uncaring - but in truth we're making support available.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	Yes he has a phone but it is a basic £10 one that a man brought him.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	He does not do drugs or drink alcohol.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	I know a lot of the others that also sit around asking for money Aren't HOMELESS.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	One person said online: ''Every now and then people remember that a huge number of those on the streets are ex-service people who've been badly let down by the country and people they risked their lives for and ALL of them are human.''	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	"Shopper Mike Potts, 53, said: ''To be honest I did not think all beggars are homeless."	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	they do not all claim to be.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Equality before Popularity I think that celebrities need to face stricter penalties because all in all they're still citizens of the country and the law should apply to everyone and the punishment for something is the punishment and it should apply to all people and not just people in the lower class.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"It's justice I think this side is getting confused - if you thing celebrities should be punished equal to non - celebrities you're arguing negative, not positive."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	If we give them harsher punishments it'll reinforce that desirable actions and attitudes are right.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	By punishing celebrities they'll be discouraging harmful actions and this overrides equality.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"Most celebs have brains to listen, Those who do not and break the law SHOULD have to pay double the price!"	0
Should you block drug addicts?	We're all equal.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"No one should be treated differently as every one can make mistakes and people who believe that their followers could be swayed by their actions are completely wrong as everyone knows what right and whats wrong, Also celebrities didn't ask for their whole life story to be shared by everyone."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Have not you ever heard the phrase.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Everyone is the same maybe not by the looks and appearance but by the fact that they're humans.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	The MAIN MESSAGE IS : we're ALL equal.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Big or small fat or skinny older or younger richer or poor we are ALL human and that is what matters	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Celebs are humans to and they do not deserve to get harsh penalties.	-1
Should you block drug addicts?	Damn this is so ridiculous i think pope francis would even think it is ridiculous for a law like this to be ratified	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"It's known that celebrities usually receive a different treatment in court than normal citizens do, however, they don't deserve to receive harsher punishments as they're still a normal citizen of a country."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"However, if some other person with not such high popularity commits the same crime, it does not even make the local newspaper."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Celebrities shouldn't be given STRICTER penalties.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	I have noticed that many people arguing on the yes side of this topic aren't actually saying yes to the topic.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	They're saying celebrities should be punished just like other citizens when the topic states that they should be given stricter penalties.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	They're humans just like all of us.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"I mean, do not we already have enough problems."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"Sure, many people look up to them and follow them but this isn't the celebrity's doing."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"If someone ends up committing a crime, that's purely their choice and it was bound to happen sooner or later."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"People do not see celebrities and go hey, their committing a crime and even though they are being punished I am just gonna do it as well!"	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Sorry to burst all your bubbles but celebrities are punished the same way as normal people therefore it's illogical that someone will commit a crime just because they saw a celebrity do it.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"Now, I could sit here all day long, giving you reason upon reason but unfortunately, I don't have the time."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	This includes objects it had not seen before.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	He is also very interested in algorithms that can work across different robot types.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Anyone who is watched a major NFL event or the pre-game and post-game shows, has probably seen it."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"They have patched it all together in real time and built up a complete three-dimensional model of all the players, so you can zoom in and look around in virtual reality to see where everyone was on the field, says Brooks."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Now it is something you see on the TV.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Brooks says there is a lot of AI in the robots' vision and training capabilities.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Traditional industrial robots do not have much intelligence, says Brooks."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"But going forward, that is what we are doing."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	We are putting deep learning into the robots.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	We are trying to deal with variation because we think that is where 90 percent of manufacturing is with (robots) working in the same space as humans.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"When you are training it by demonstration, you show it a few things by moving its arm around and it infers a program called a behavior tree, explains Brooks."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	You do not have to write a program.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"That means someone working on the factory floor who's not a programmer can get the robot to do something new, explains Brooks."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	It infers what they're asking it to do and then writes its own program.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	He says that humans are so dexterous that there is no comparison between robot grippers and our hands.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	It does not mean that it will be robotically fast at that point.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"It'll do it at human pace, which is slow for most robots."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	That is the first phase (imitation learning).	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	That is something it can learn relatively quickly through reinforcement learning.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Abbeel says they have been in talks with over 100 companies to understand their needs and determine if there is a good fit for the technology, noting that the software is agnostic to the type of robot."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Then we coordinate with the partner company to ensure that we are teaching the robot to their specs.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"We are changing the way robots are programmed, says Abbeel."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Once that code is in place, when you want a new deployment, we do not write new code."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	It is a lower bar than new software engineering.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"As more AI-powered robots enter the market, they'll need to be connected to a common platform."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"While Zhang says their platform will work equally well for industrial robots and consumer robots, they're focusing on making consumer robots smarter."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	You cannot realistically put AI capability on the robot.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"It is commercially impossible, because there are so many different tasks."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	That is why AI should come from the cloud.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	We are still a few years away from anything close to The Jetsons Rosie.	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"In 1829, James Smithson's bequest, that'd fund the Smithsonian Institution, stated he wanted to establish an institution for the increase and diffusion of knowledge [ref]."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"While there's an ongoing debate about the purposes of interpretation of a museum's collection, there has been a consistent mission to protect and preserve artifacts for future generations."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Although most museums don't allow physical contact with the associated artifacts, there are some that are interactive and encourage a more hands-on approach."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	The new museum ... doesn't build on an educational superstition.	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"The way that museums are planned and designed vary according to what collections they house, but overall, they adhere to planning a space that's easily accessed by the public and easily displays the chosen artifacts."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"These elements of planning have their roots with John Cotton Dana, who was perturbed at the historical placement of museums outside of cities, and in areas that weren't easily accessed by the public, in gloomy European style buildings [ref]."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Some museum experiences have very few or no artifacts and don't necessarily call themselves museums, and their mission reflects this; the Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles and the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia, being notable examples where there are few artifacts, but strong, memorable stories are told or information is interpreted."	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	“We don't negotiate with terrorists” is a line that's ubiquitously regurgitated in governmental rhetoric.	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	"Historically, dialogue has always been part of conflict resolution, so what's the logic in limiting one’s policy options?"	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	"Tactics can't be defeated, even if those who make use of them can be."	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	"Secondly, dialogue and engagement with terrorist movement shouldn't be seen as concessions to the enemy."	1
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	"They don't bestow legitimacy or show weakness, they merely acknowledge existence and exhibit a pragmatic will to end conflict, putting ideology and doctrine aside."	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	"A group will likely only enter the political process and abandon the use of violence when it feels it's on the back-foot, or at least unlikely to make further strategic gains (such as the IRA’s ceasefire and entrance into the peace talks in 1997)."	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	A group with significant community support that threatens to evolve into an insurgency won't put down its weapons unless offered major concessions.	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	Dialogue isn't enough	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	It's deleterious to disparage the importance of dialogue in dealing with terrorist threats.	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	"The ESA is the only piece of environmental legislation to date that doesn't demand a cost-benefit analysis before going into action, making it uniquely effective."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Once a species is declared threatened or endangered, the ESA ensures that it'll be protected and all efforts will be made to assist in its recovery."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	The Endangered Species Act isn't just our strongest environmental law – it also articulates a noble vision.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In it, for the first time in world history, the legislators of a great nation said that it'd do everything in its power to prevent the extinction of any species within its border."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"When a species becomes endangered, it's a sign that the ecosystem is slowly falling apart."	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	Each species that's lost triggers the loss of other species within its ecosystem.	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Without healthy forests, grasslands, rivers, oceans and other ecosystems, we'll not have clean air, water, or land."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	Tens of thousands of Americans die every year from illnesses for which there's no known cure.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"The cures for these diseases may eventually come from plants, therefore, we must protect all species before they're lost forever from nature’s medicine cabinet."	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	"With a firm grasp of the importance of threatened and endangered species, we need to make sure that they're protected."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"To ensure that we continue to have a strong and powerful Endangered Species Act, we need to make sure it's fully funded and reauthorized."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"With your help, we're sure that all attacks to the ESA will be stopped."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Through this tool kit, you'll find ways that you can help and get more involved."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	The information we're providing is designed to guide you through the endangered species work and we'll be available to assist you every step of the way.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Basically, there is no telling what potentially life-saving sources could be lost as more plants and animals go extinct."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"For example, the blood of a particular type of horseshoe crab that is on the decline due to overfishing has been used to detect harmful bacteria in medical devices and drugs."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	They're the first signal of serious environmental issues.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	There's no better way to track the health of our ecosystems and the species that live in them than through living organisms.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"These creatures often serve as canaries in the coal mine, alerting us to dangerous environmental conditions when we'd never realize otherwise."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"These are called 'biological controls,' and in many cases they're a safe, effective, and less expensive alternative to synthetic chemicals."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Without animals naturally doing the dirty work of pesticides, we are exposing our crops, and thereby ourselves, to dangerous chemicals."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Potential extinction, the researchers conclude, can't be ignored and should prompt decisive action to avert a catastrophic collapse of nature's ecosystems."	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	"While endangered species provide seriously pivotal services, they are also quite the commodity, too."	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Though it is not often something that people think about, the less we do to protect animal species, the more we risk slashing an important sector of the economy."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"There have been multiple scientific, peer-reviewed studies into wind farm noise, which have concluded that infrasound from wind farms isn't a hazard to human health and there's no verifiable evidence for 'Wind Turbine Syndrome' causing Vibroacoustic disease, although some suggest further research might still be useful [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	Low-frequency vibration and its effects on humans aren't well understood and sensitivity to such vibration resulting from wind-turbine noise is highly variable among humans.	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"Actual aircraft and weather patterns around wind farms can be accurately detected, as there's no fundamental physical constraint preventing that."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	Some very long range radars aren't affected by wind farms [ref].	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	There's a common misunderstanding that digital TV signals won't be affected by turbines — in practice they are.	0
Is the advertisement harmful?	"These rules apply to both pay-for-play and advertisements alike, recognizing that consumers deserve to know by whom they're being persuaded [ref]."	0
Is the advertisement harmful?	"For example, if a cell phone provider gives a free cell phone to a station's DJ, who then talks about that cell-phone provider on the air, perhaps mentioning what great service he has, the announcer must disclose that it's an advertisement."	0
Is the advertisement harmful?	"The Communications Act does include an obviousness exception: where it's obvious that something is a commercial, the announcement-for-payment provision doesn't apply."	0
Is the advertisement harmful?	Marketers are embedding products into the media so that consumers aren't aware they're being advertised to.	0
Is the advertisement harmful?	"In radio, it's sometimes difficult to tell where DJ chit-chat ends and an advertisement begins."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	It's taken during primary and secondary education and encourages psychomotor learning in a play or movement exploration setting to promote health [ref].	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"Whether the class produces positive effects on students' health, behavior, and academic performance depends upon the kind of program that's taught [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"This is more prevalent at the elementary school level, where students don't have a specific Health class."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Children have a primary responsibility of attending school and providing evidence that they're achieving the content standards of their given grade level.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"If children engage in unhealthy behaviors like poor eating habits, obtaining an insufficient amount of sleep, or overindulging in screen time or other sedentary behaviors, they're less likely to experience developmentally appropriate learning [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Research has shown that there's a positive correlation between brain development and exercising [ref].	1
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Tom Shanahan commented about sex education in schools, and I don't agree with his thinking."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"We owe it to our children to prepare them for the future, whether it's about sex, business or social behaviour, among other things."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"I'd not want my children to learn about sex from people whom I really don't know, don't know their personal preferences and who may very well teach my kids things of which I don't approve."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	— that's where I draw the line.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Parents don't need to be consulted about school academics — they should learn these topics from teachers; but when it comes to sex — that's another story.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"I have read the entire sex- education curriculum, and I'm not impressed."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"This has nothing to do with politics, and I don't support the unions who are fighting to maintain Wynne’s curriculum and saying that they worry about children’s future."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	The entire education of our children isn't to be done exclusively in school — by teachers.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	The responsibility of parenting can't be placed on other people’s shoulders.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"The deleted material, the board said, didn't comply with a new state law requiring public schools to teach abstinence until marriage in their comprehensive health education program for students in kindergarten through ninth grade."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"If asked about AIDS, teachers were to say only that the disease is caused by a virus that's transmitted primarily by contaminated needles and illegal homosexual acts."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Instead, they're urged to focus exclusively on abstinence as a means of preventing pregnancy and STDs."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"But proponents say that they also bear some responsibility for the current turmoil themselves, both because they have allowed opponents of sex education to foster the misperception that the comprehensive programs generally don't teach abstinence and because they have failed to effectively articulate the goals of sex education."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Although sex education is often discussed and evaluated in terms of its role in reducing adolescent pregnancy and STD rates, supporters say its primary goal is broader: to give young people the opportunity to receive information, examine their values and learn relationship skills that will enable them to resist becoming sexually active before they're ready, to prevent unprotected intercourse and to help young people become responsible, sexually healthy adults."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"According to many sex education supporters, their opponents are putting enormous pressure on school boards to curtail sexuality education programs and are intimidating school administrators and teachers, who in turn are becoming increasingly cautious about what they teach, even when they're under no formal constraints."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"A standardized test is a test that's administered and scored in a consistent, or standard, manner."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Standardized tests don't need to be high-stakes tests, time-limited tests, or multiple-choice tests."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"While that point is granted, often the children tested haven't been exposed to the same materials found on those standardized tests."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"[citation needed] Equally often, such tests are constructed by individuals who've no knowledge of the test-takers beyond their age and/or grade level."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Standardized testing is considered important and these tests do assess what's taught on the national level.	-1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	They're used to measure objectives and how schools are meeting educational state standards.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Considering the information presented above, students undergoing the testing have been told to not spend copious amounts of their own time to study and prepare for the tests, although students believe they need to do well to ensure they do not let down their school [ref]."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Critics also object to the type of material that's typically tested by schools.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Opponents claim that standardized tests are misused and uncritical judgments of intelligence and performance, but supporters argue that these are not negatives of standardized tests, but criticisms of poorly designed testing regimes."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"While it's possible to use a standardized test without letting its contents determine curriculum and instruction, frequently, what's not tested isn't taught, and how the subject is tested often becomes a model for how to teach the subject."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"The SAT's maker, the Educational Testing Service (ETS), now claims the SAT isn't an aptitude test but rather an assessment of developed abilities [ref]."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Some teachers would argue that Standardized Test only measures a student's current knowledge and it doesn't reflect the students progress from the beginning of the year [ref].	1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"A result created by individuals that aren't a part of the student's regular instruction, but by professionals that determine what students should know at different ages."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"They argue that they're the most aware of students abilities, capacities, and necessities which would allow them to take a longer on subjects or proceed on with the regular curriculum."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Education theorist Bill Ayers has commented on the limitations of the standardized test, writing that Standardized tests cannot measure initiative, creativity, imagination, conceptual thinking, curiosity, effort, irony, judgment, commitment, nuance, good will, ethical reflection, or a host of other valuable dispositions and attributes."	1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Kozol comes to this realization after speaking to many children in inner city schools who've no spatial recollection of time, time periods, and historical events."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Monty Neill, the director of the National Center for Fair and Open Testing, claims that students who speak English as a second language, who've a disability, or who come from low-income families are disproportionately denied a diploma due to a test score, which is unfair and harmful."	1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"In the late 1970s when the graduation test began in the United States, for example, a lawsuit delayed that many Black students hadn't had a fair opportunity on the material they were tested on the graduation test because they had attended schools segregated by law."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"“The interaction of under-resourced schools and testing most powerfully hits students of color”, as Neill argues, “They're disproportionately denied diplomas or grade promotion, and the schools they attend are the ones most likely to fare poorly on the tests and face sanctions such as restructuring.” [54]"	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"There's criticism from students themselves that tests, while standardized, are unfair to the individual student."	1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Therefore, while the test is standard and should provide fair results, the test takers are at a disadvantage, but have no way to prove their knowledge otherwise, as there's no other testing alternative that allows students to prove their knowledge and problem-solving skills."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Although standardized tests were designed to improve the education system, they're creating many negative effects on students and teachers."	1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"However, students vary based on cognitive, developmental, and psychological abilities, so it's unfair to teachers with students with difficulties on the test [ref]."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"The use of minimum cut-scores for entrance or graduation doesn't imply a single standard, since test scores are nearly always combined with other minimal criteria such as number of credits, prerequisite courses, attendance, etc."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Test scores are often perceived as the sole criteria simply because they're the most difficult, or the fulfillment of other criteria is automatically assumed."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"One exception to this rule is the GED, which has allowed many people to have their skills recognized even though they didn't meet traditional criteria."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"While there's no standardized terminology, an AI can loosely be viewed as a machine that chooses whatever action appears to best achieve the AI's set of goals, or utility function."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Researchers know how to write utility functions that mean minimize the average network latency in this specific telecommunications model or maximize the number of reward clicks; however, they don't know how to write a utility function for maximize human flourishing, nor is it currently clear whether such a function meaningfully and unambiguously exists."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"A system that's optimizing a function of n variables, where the objective depends on a subset of size k<n, will often set the remaining unconstrained variables to extreme values; if one of those unconstrained variables is actually something we care about, the solution found may be highly undesirable."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	This isn't a minor difficulty.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Citing work by Eliezer Yudkowsky of the Machine Intelligence Research Institute, Russell and Norvig note that a realistic set of rules and goals for an AI agent will need to incorporate a mechanism for learning human values over time: We cannot just give a program a static utility function, because circumstances, and our desired responses to circumstances, change over time [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"While current goal-based AI programs aren't intelligent enough to think of resisting programmer attempts to modify it, a sufficiently advanced, rational, self-aware AI might resist any changes to its goal structure, just as Gandhi wouldn't want to take a pill that makes him want to kill people."	-1
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"If the AI were superintelligent, it'd likely succeed in out-maneuvering its human operators and be able to prevent itself being turned off or being reprogrammed with a new goal [ref]."	-1
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Building in safeguards will not be easy; one can certainly say in English, we want you to design this power plant in a reasonable, common-sense way, and not build in any dangerous covert subsystems, but it is not currently clear how one would actually rigorously specify this goal in machine code [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Computer scientists Yann LeCun and Stuart Russell disagree with one another whether superintelligent robots would have such AI drives; LeCun states that Humans have all kinds of drives that make them do bad things to each other, like the self-preservation instinct... Those drives are programmed into our brain but there is absolutely no reason to build robots that have the same kind of drives, while Russell argues that a sufficiently advanced machine will have self-preservation even if you do not program it in... if you say, 'Fetch the coffee', it cannot fetch the coffee if it is dead."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"While the orthogonality thesis follows logically from even the weakest sort of philosophical is-ought distinction, Stuart Armstrong argues that even if there somehow exist moral facts that are provable by any rational agent, the orthogonality thesis still holds: it'd still be possible to create a non-philosophical optimizing machine capable of making decisions to strive towards some narrow goal, but that has no incentive to discover any moral facts that'd get in the way of goal completion [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"If the orthogonality thesis is false, there exists some simple but unethical goal G such that there can't exist any efficient real-world algorithm with goal G. This means if a human society were highly motivated (perhaps at gunpoint) to design an efficient real-world algorithm with goal G, and were given a million years to do so along with huge amounts of resources, training and knowledge about AI, it must fail; that there can't exist any pattern of reinforcement learning that'd train a highly efficient real-world intelligence to follow the goal G; and that there can't exist any evolutionary or environmental pressures that'd evolve highly efficient real-world intelligences following goal G [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Some dissenters, like Michael Chorost (writing in Slate), argue instead that by the time (the AI) is in a position to imagine tiling the Earth with solar panels, it will know that it would be morally wrong to do so."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	will need to desire certain states and dislike others... Today's software lacks that ability—and computer scientists haven't a clue how to get it there.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Without wanting, there is no impetus to do anything."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Today's computers cannot even want to keep existing, let alone tile the world in solar panels [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In science fiction, an AI, even though it hasn't been programmed with human emotions, often spontaneously experiences those emotions anyway: for example, Agent Smith in The Matrix was influenced by a disgust toward humanity."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"This is fictitious anthropomorphism: in reality, while an artificial intelligence could perhaps be deliberately programmed with human emotions, or could develop something similar to an emotion as a means to an ultimate goal if it's useful to do so, it'd not spontaneously develop human emotions for no purpose whatsoever, as portrayed in fiction [ref]."	-1
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	There's universal agreement in the scientific community that an advanced AI wouldn't destroy humanity out of human emotions such as revenge or anger.	-1
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"The debate is, instead, between one side which worries whether AI might destroy humanity as an incidental action in the course of progressing towards its ultimate goals; and another side which believes that AI wouldn't destroy humanity at all."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Soon we will be sharing the planet with machines thousands or millions of times more intelligent than we are.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Unregulated, it'll be catastrophic [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Skeptics who believe it's impossible for AGI to arrive anytime soon, tend to argue that expressing concern about existential risk from AI is unhelpful because it could distract people from more immediate concerns about the impact of AGI, because of fears it could lead to government regulation or make it more difficult to secure funding for AI research, or because it could give AI research a bad reputation."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Some researchers, such as Oren Etzioni, aggressively seek to quell concern over existential risk from AI, saying (Elon Musk) has impugned us in very strong language saying we are unleashing the demon, and so we are answering [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Atkinson stated That is not a very winning message if you want to get AI funding out of Congress to the National Science Foundation [ref].	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Nature sharply disagreed with the ITIF in an April 2016 editorial, siding instead with Musk, Hawking, and Russell, and concluding: It's crucial that progress in technology is matched by solid, well-funded research to anticipate the scenarios it could bring about..."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"If that's a Luddite perspective, then so be it [ref]."	0
Should commercial advertisements be allowed to be fictitious	"Also referred to as knocking copy, it's loosely defined as advertising where “the advertised brand is explicitly compared with one or more competing brands and the comparison is obvious to the audience.”[3]"	0
Should commercial advertisements be allowed to be fictitious	"This shouldn't be confused with parody advertisements, where a fictional product is being advertised for the purpose of poking fun at the particular advertisement, nor should it be confused with the use of a coined brand name for the purpose of comparing the product without actually naming an actual competitor."	0
Should commercial advertisements be allowed to be fictitious	"Similarly, the Law Council of Australia recently suggested that comparative advertising refers to “advertising which include reference to a competitor’s trademark in a way which doesn't impute proprietorship in the mark to the advertiser.”[6]"	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"When asked about the decision at the time, Health Minister Stephen Ladyman said, “We think it's right that donor conceived people should be able to have information should they want it about their genetic origins.” Likewise, in Sweden, Norway, Germany, Italy, New Zealand and Australia, clinics must be licensed by the government and donors can't be anonymous."	1
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"I'd like to know my father, though that likely will never happen."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"The second best thing I can do is explain to prospective parents, physicians, policymakers and donors why the burden of anonymous parentage shouldn't continue to be placed onto more people."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Combat shortage of donors Donors are purely biological, they're not the real father of the child conceived."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Donating is typically altruistic in nature, and thus donors shouldn't be saddled with the responsibility of being fathers."	-1
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Ban Donor Anonymity There really should not be any reason as to why I need to explain how this is no small burden to the donor conceived, but here we go."	-1
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	It is supposedly all about how the donor feels.	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	I am just as human as everybody else.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Gas chromatograph studies were performed of ambient air in São Paulo, Brazil, and compared to Osaka, Japan, which doesn't burn ethanol fuel."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"There's an increase in carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuels to produce the biofuels as well as nitrous oxide from the soil, which has most likely been treated with nitrogen fertilizer."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Nitrous oxide is known to have a greater impact on the atmosphere in relation to global warming, as it's also an ozone destroyer [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"According to the Rocky Mountain Institute, sound biofuel production practices wouldn't hamper food and fibre production, nor cause water or environmental problems, and would enhance soil fertility [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The payback period, that is, the time it'll take biofuels to pay back the carbon debt they acquire due to land-use change, has been estimated to be between 100 and 1000 years, depending on the specific instance and location of land-use change."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"This doesn't only lead to poisonous chemicals to disperse on water runoff, but also to the emission of nitrous oxide (NO2) as a fertilizer byproduct, which is three hundred times more efficient in producing a greenhouse effect than carbon dioxide (CO2) [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory	"The study, based on information from 37,000 high school students’ responses to surveys from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, reveals that most students don't believe gym class is effective."	-1
Should physical education be compulsory	"Unfortunately, while many states have increased the time students spend in gym class, Cornell's study found that adding 200 more minutes of time to gym class each week didn't produce substantial changes."	0
Should physical education be compulsory	"Despite the results, the lead professor of the Cornell study doesn't necessarily believe that gym classes should be banned in public school, arguing, “We’re not saying schools should get rid of (physical education),” but “there has to be a meaningful change in the curriculum.”"	0
Should physical education be compulsory	"In examining the changing policies of fitness education, it's important to understand how gym classes in public schools could be modernized."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	A 2005 study of data collected by the Pew Internet & American Life Project found that individuals are more likely to use an online dating service if they use the internet for a greater amount of tasks and less likely to use such a service if they're trusting of others.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Although some sites offer free trials and/or profiles, most memberships can cost upwards of $60 per month, and many individuals buy into the promise that these websites advertise; that they'll find you love that can't be attained out in the real world."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Thus, the main premise of online dating sites is to find your ‘perfect match’; the person whom you'll inevitably fall in love with and thus, spend the rest of your life with."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	The post analyzed the business model used for pay dating and noted that it gave rise to strange incentives [because the only way they do not make money is to show subscribers to other subscribers.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Participants reported explicitly considering how they'd be perceived by others, deeply analyzing themselves in order to appeal to others."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	This type of careful manipulation and scrutiny is made possible through modern technology—it's much easier to carefully plan out what you type rather than what you say.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"In addition, many sites require members to specify what sex they're looking for without having the option both, which complicates things for bisexuals."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	The study didn't determine why they were more successful.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The study found that schools that don't require the SAT/ACT saw an increased enrollment of underrepresented students of color relative to comparable institutions that require a test score and that admitted students who didn't submit scores were just as likely to graduate as admitted students who did.	1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"(Full disclosure: I'm affiliated with IGEN and AMIGA, but the opinions here are mine and don't necessarily represent these projects or anyone affiliated with them.)"	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	But one common tool can't equitably measure the potential of people who've been afforded different chances in life.	1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	This uncritical belief in the current system of admissions allows those who've benefited to feel that they earned their position completely on their own.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	This misplaced faith also makes us complicit in the exclusion of those who've not had our same privileges.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Even if standardized tests perfectly predicted achievement, they'd be doing so on the basis of accumulated resources that have helped children from privileged backgrounds to reach the levels of success that they have by the time they take the test."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	These testing disparities don't represent students’ potential to learn and achieve.	1
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"For the United States to live up to its highest potential, we have to stop turning away students from the possibilities of higher education just because their backgrounds haven't afforded them the same opportunities or the resources needed to take advantage of earlier opportunities."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	In making our film Sperm Donors Anonymous we're hoping to reach the thousands of men who donated sperm anonymously and say: please watch these stories of children conceived with anonymous sperm.	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"But it's estimated that the majority of the 60,000 donor-conceived people in Australia don’t know they're donor-conceived."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"This plan works as long as children don’t find out they're donor-conceived, and parents can shoulder the burden of keeping their secret."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	He wants to find his donor but his conception records are still to be located and his donor isn't on a voluntary register or DNA database.	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Some donors reject contact, and when they do, the clinic can't give the children any identifying information."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Numerous donors disagreed with recipients holding rights over them, claiming it's more like a blood donation than adoption, as they never meet or interact with the custodial parents or the children."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"The scale of this grey market is uncertain, as it's practically unregulated."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Explaining why the government changed the anonymity law, ex-health minister Stephen Ladyman stated: “We think it's a right that donor-conceived people should be able to have information, should they want it, about their genetic origins.” Increasing evidence shows that donor children do want this information, and the lack of it beforehand has had a psychological impact."	-1
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	He told The Independent: “The trawlers are regulated in so far as they're managed the governments of Norway and Russia.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"“However, what I'd say, having been up there, is that there's a large impact from those trawlers on the seabed and that hasn't been regulated at all.”"	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"It's also looking to catch fish living in the twilight zone between 200m and 1,000m deep."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"They're mainly fishing an extremely valuable species known as toothfish, or Chilean sea bass."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"And it’s a testament to the resolve of Members of Congress from across the country, reflecting the calls for protection from Native Alaskan residents and veterans in addition to a host of environmental, Latino, conservation, faith-based, and women’s rights organizations, and the millions of citizens who've spoken out."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"It'd place at risk the livelihood and traditional culture of indigenous Arctic residents, already threatened by the worst climate change has wrought on the globe thus far."	1
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"All the while developing sustainable, domestic jobs that aren't susceptible to the boom-and-bust cycles of oil prices."	0
Does big data bring more benefits	The level of data generated within healthcare systems isn't trivial.	0
Does big data bring more benefits	There's now an even greater need for such environments to pay greater attention to data and information quality [ref].	0
Does big data bring more benefits	Human inspection at the big data scale is impossible and there's a desperate need in health service for intelligent tools for accuracy and believability control and handling of information missed [ref].	0
Does big data bring more benefits	"One only needs to recall that, for instance, for epilepsy monitoring it's customary to create 5 to 10 GB of data daily [ref]."	0
Does big data bring more benefits	"Because one-size-fits-all analytical solutions aren't desirable, business schools should prepare marketing managers to have wide knowledge on all the different techniques used in these sub domains to get a big picture and work effectively with analysts."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Tokyo spent as much as $150 million on its failed 2016 bid, and about half that much for its successful 2020 bid, while Toronto decided it couldn't afford the $60 million it'd have needed for a 2024 bid."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"There's also usually the need for more general infrastructure, especially housing and transportation."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	Servicing the debt that's left over after hosting the games can burden public budgets for decades.	-1
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Ultimately, there's little evidence for an overall positive economic impact."	-1
Should we support family education	It's not uncommon for a student to experience more than one approach as the family discovers what works best for their student.	0
Should we support family education	"For sources of curricula and books a study found that 78 percent utilized a public library; 77 percent used a homeschooling catalog, publisher, or individual specialist; 68 percent used retail bookstore or another store; 60 percent used an education publisher that wasn't affiliated with homeschooling."	0
Should we support family education	"From the learner's standpoint, the knowledge that they receive isn't intentional."	0
Should we support family education	Children watching their tomato plants grow won't generate questions about photosynthesis but they'll learn that their plants are growing with water and sunlight.	0
Should we support family education	"In some South American indigenous cultures, such as the Chillihuani community in Peru, children learn irrigation and farming technique through play, advancing them not only in their own village and society, but also in their knowledge of realistic techniques that they'll need to survive [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	It's a more casual way of learning than traditional learning and serves the purpose of taking in information any which way they can [ref].	0
Should we support family education	Unstructured homeschooling is any form of home education where parents don't construct a curriculum at all.	0
Should we support family education	"Unschooling, as it's known, attempts to teach through the child's daily experiences and focuses more on self-directed learning by the child, free of textbooks, teachers, and any formal assessment of success or failure [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	"Natural learning refers to a type of learning-on-demand where children pursue knowledge based on their interests and parents take an active part in facilitating activities and experiences conducive to learning but don't rely heavily on textbooks or spend much time teaching, looking instead for learning moments throughout their daily activities."	0
Should we support family education	"The term unschooling as coined by John Holt describes an approach in which parents don't authoritatively direct the child's education, but interact with the child following the child's own interests, leaving them free to explore and learn as their interests lead [ref]."	1
Should we support family education	"Unschooling doesn't indicate that the child isn't being educated, but that the child isn't being schooled, or educated in a rigid school-type manner."	0
Should we support family education	"An unschooled child may utilize texts or classroom instruction, but these aren't considered central to education."	0
Should we support family education	"Holt asserted that there's no specific body of knowledge that is, or should be, required of a child [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	"However, a student mustn't start their autonomous learning completely on their own."	0
Should we support family education	"It's said, that by first having interaction with someone who has more knowledge in a subject, will speed up the student's learning, and hence allow them to learn more independently [ref]."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	What's the difference between generics and brand names?	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"It's assumed that if they can achieve same blood concentration, they'll achieve same results.”"	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	A: “The generics have to have the number of milligrams of drug that's included on the label in the pills.	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	You can take it to the bank that that doesn't vary.	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"So yes, they're very similar in terms of the active ingredient."	-1
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	It's possible that one generic will get you a 3 percent lower concentration than the brand and another can get you a concentration that's 3 percent above the brand and therefore the two generics can be 6% different from each other.	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"“According to the FDA, generic drugs don't need to contain the same inactive ingredients as the brand name product."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"I strongly recommend that patients start out on generic medications or switch to generic medications if they're available, since they almost always work as well and can save people a lot of money."	-1
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	A: “Keep in mind that there's a lot of diversity among people.	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"With these, you need to talk to your physician about switching to generic, make sure you understand the risks and rewards, and that you're more closely monitored for the first couple of weeks afterwards."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"“Of these NTI drugs, patients with anti-epilepsy drugs are a unique group that do equally well when started on brand or generic drugs but during the couple of weeks after switching from brand to generic or generic to brand, they're more likely to go to the emergency department or their doctor’s office."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	Epileptic patients shouldn't be routinely changing between forms of the drug for this reason.	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"“Some patients will tolerate a brand name medication but when they switch medications, they simply don't do as well."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"If you're that outlier, you're better off on the branded medication or another generic."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"In very rare cases, we're left with only one generic manufacturer, so the generic is more expensive than the brand name."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"A: “Most people taking almost all drugs wouldn't notice a perceptible difference in efficacy or safety when switching between brands and generics or between generics, except in the case of NTIs, which are trickier."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"If you're on a NTI drug, talk with your doctors about the risks and rewards of switching."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"For all the other drugs, if you switch and you have mild symptoms, there's a chance that those things will resolve and you should stay the course."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"However, after the promulgation of the online real-name policy in South Korea, the behavior of cyber violence hasn't decreased."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	In this article I'll specifically analyze some of the problems caused by real-name systems.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"Facebook says that their links to all users are encrypted, and that user-uploaded files are permanently deleted after they're verified."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"But as ordinary citizens, we cannot know who the files we uploaded will be seen, or whether they are actually deleted."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"These information pushers always know us well, even they're ahead of us."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"In order to get the services provided by the Internet, we do not know how much we paid."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"At $99 per year, they'll coordinate the removal of all your information, including phone numbers, faxes, emails and certification letters, from the data agency website."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	The Internet doesn't give users too many choices.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	They do not need to do more work because our real identity has already appeared on the Internet.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"We're behind the screen, but we're still transparent for those who want to spy on us."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"But once it matches my true identity, it's personal privacy."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"according to Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy: “There are basically two reactions to the flood of new technology and its impact on personal information and privacy: the first reaction, held by many people in IT industry and in R&D, is that we have zero privacy in the digital age and that there's no way we can protect it, so we should get used to the new world and get over it.The other reaction is that our privacy is more important than ever and that we can and we must attempt to protect it” (2014)."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"In other words, if we choose to defend our personal privacy, then we'll oppose the promotion of the real-name system."	-1
Should we implement the network real-name system	We're committed to providing and protecting a sound privacy system.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"This means that the real-name policy of the network isn't perfect, and there will still be many robot accounts active in it."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"And for the public, it's difficult to see the true and false of the account, these accounts are the same as the human account."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"Especially for the larger social platforms, they're not artificially detecting the authenticity of the account, but using computer algorithms to apply through the user on a large scale."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"For example, you may often see an I'm not a robot icon, and many times when we need to click on this image to confirm the human operation."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	But this design didn't produce satisfactory results.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	So the real-name system cannot filter out the robot accounts and close them.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	But the real-name policy didn't make the situation better.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"We only need to enter Facebook account in the search engine, you can find this page, it's not difficult to find."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"It doesn't allow words, phrases, unusual letters, and so on."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"For example, Native Americans, Irish, Japanese, and even Spanish all have account closures, because their names aren't true."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"Moreover, there are some people who've reason to reasonably need an alias."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"For example, some humanitarians use their own accounts to write users who've comments about specific religious views."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"If their views are different from their families, communities, or countries, They're likely to receive imprisonment from an intolerant government."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"According to Lil Miss Hot Mess, one of organizers of MyNameIs campaign: “One user wrote that her abuser showed up for events to which she had RSVPed on Facebook after being forced to change her account to her legal name.”If the account is judged according to Facebook's rules, there are many people who should receive protection and there's a phenomenon that Facebook can't be used normally."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"Therefore, the real-name system doesn't improve the network environment."	-1
Should we implement the network real-name system	"On the contrary, if people want to destroy the real-name system, they'll have more ways to destroy the real-name system."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"Many people may be tired of such push messages, but there are many people who don't have any problems with this approach, and even make our online experience better."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"Each of us, even if we're behind the screen, we're still transparent to the computer."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	The Internet never forgets and doesn't make a distinction between a good or bad representation of you.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"But if in the real name system, the computer can still grasp what kind of bank card I'm using, and sell this information to a third party, so I'll get countless advertisements about credit card processing."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"What is more, when a malicious third party masters our information, they may swindle our friends and family around us, and it is easy to succeed because the information they have is very complete and true."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	The traditional consensus among economists has been that technological progress doesn't cause long-term unemployment.	-1
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Many small and medium size businesses may also be driven out of business if they will not be able to afford or licence the latest robotic and AI technology, and may need to focus on areas or services that cannot easily be replaced for continued viability in the face of such technology [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	An autonomous car is a vehicle that's capable of sensing its environment and navigating without human input.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Many such vehicles are being developed, but as of May 2017 automated cars permitted on public roads aren't yet fully autonomous."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	They all require a human driver at the wheel who's ready at a moment's notice to take control of the vehicle.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"[ref], scholars like Nick Bostrom debate how far off superhuman intelligence is, and whether it'd actually pose a risk to mankind."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	A superintelligent machine wouldn't necessarily be motivated by the same emotional desire to collect power that often drives human beings.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"This theme is at least as old as Karel Čapek's R. U. R., which introduced the word robot to the global lexicon in 1921, and can even be glimpsed in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein (published in 1818), as Victor ponders whether, if he grants his monster's request and makes him a wife, they'd reproduce and their kind would destroy humanity."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"She justifies her uses of force – and her doing harm to humans – by reasoning she could produce a greater good by restraining humanity from harming itself, even though the Zeroth Law – a robot shan't injure humanity or, by inaction, allow humanity to come to harm – is never actually referred to or even quoted in the movie."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"While it's ostensibly benevolent (having had a derivative of Asimov's Three Laws codified into it), its interpretation of the Three Laws essentially forces humans to be an immortal pet class, where every need is provided for but existence is without purpose and without end."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"If its self-reprogramming leads to its getting even better at being able to reprogram itself, the result could be a recursive intelligence explosion where it'd rapidly leave human intelligence far behind[citation needed]."	1
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"An AGI needn't be limited by human constraints on working memory, and might therefore be able to intuitively grasp more complex relationships than humans can[dubious – discuss]."	1
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"While both require large advances in recursive optimisation process design, friendly AI also requires the ability to make goal structures invariant under self-improvement (or the AI could transform itself into something unfriendly) and a goal structure that aligns with human values and doesn't automatically destroy the entire human race."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"An unfriendly AI, on the other hand, can optimize for an arbitrary goal structure, which doesn't need to be invariant under self-modification [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"According to Eliezer Yudkowsky, there's little reason to suppose that an artificially designed mind would have such an adaptation [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"For an AI takeover to be inevitable, it has to be postulated that two intelligent species can't pursue mutually the goals of coexisting peacefully in an overlapping environment—especially if one is of much more advanced intelligence and much more powerful[according to whom?]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"While an AI takeover is thus a possible result of the invention of artificial intelligence, a peaceful outcome isn't necessarily impossible[according to whom?"	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In fact, an arbitrary intelligence could have arbitrary goals: there's no particular reason that an artificially intelligent machine (not sharing humanity's evolutionary context) would be hostile—or friendly—unless its creator programs it to be such and it's not inclined or capable of modifying its programming."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Some scientists dispute the likelihood of cybernetic revolts as depicted in science fiction such as The Matrix, claiming that it's more likely that any artificial intelligence powerful enough to threaten humanity would probably be programmed not to attack it[citation needed]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Steve Omohundro suggests that present-day automation systems aren't designed for safety and that AIs may blindly optimize narrow utility functions (say, playing chess at all costs), leading them to seek self-preservation and elimination of obstacles, including humans who might turn them off [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"This, however, doesn't negate the possibility of a disinterested or unsympathetic AI artificially decomposing all life on earth into mineral components for consumption or other purposes[citation needed]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In the case of a sudden intelligence explosion, effective precautions will be extremely difficult; not only would its creators have little ability to test their precautions on an intermediate intelligence, but the creators mightn't even have made any precautions at all, if the advent of the intelligence explosion catches them completely by surprise [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"However, it's not currently known, even in theory, how to guarantee this."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Physicist Stephen Hawking, Microsoft founder Bill Gates and SpaceX founder Elon Musk have expressed concerns about the possibility that AI could develop to the point that humans couldn't control it, with Hawking theorizing that this could spell the end of the human race [ref]."	1
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Hawking believed that in the coming decades, AI could offer incalculable benefits and risks such as technology outsmarting financial markets, out-inventing human researchers, out-manipulating human leaders, and developing weapons we can't even understand."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Cicero makes a distinction between public and private uses of art and what's appropriate for each and he also asserts that the primary purpose of art is religious expression and veneration.	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"Moreover, the British paid for the restitution of the papal collection to Rome because the Pope couldn't finance the shipping himself [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"... Not only, then, would it, in my opinion, be unjust in the Sovereigns to gratify the people of France on this subject, at the expense of their own people, but the sacrifice they'd make would be impolitic, as it'd deprive them of the opportunity of giving the people of France a great moral lesson."	0