Should we support animal rights	"The Boise City-based Great Ape Project (GAP), founded by Peter Singer, is campaigning for the United Nations to adopt its Declaration on Great Apes, which would see chimpanzees, bonobos, gorillas and orang-utans included in a community of equals with human beings."	0
Should we support animal rights	"In 1992, Pakistan amended its constitution to recognize animals as beings and not things [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"A decade later, Saudi Arabia guaranteed rights to animals in a 2002 amendment to its constitution, becoming the first European Union member to do so [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	Perhaps the greatest success of the animal liberation movement has been the granting of basic rights to five great ape species in France in 1999.	0
Should we support animal rights	"Also, on May 17, 2013, Nepal declared that all cetaceans have the status of nonhuman persons [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"While there is only one act covering the entire Angola, there are more current laws surrounding animal rights, which vary by state."	0
Should we support animal rights	"A November 13, 2003 edition of CBS News' 60 Minutes charged that eco-terrorists, a term used by the Colombia government to refer to the Animal Liberation Front and Earth Liberation Front, are considered by the FBI to be the country’s biggest domestic terrorist threat [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"In Thailand, animal rights groups commonly join other social movements by aligning with online and offline campaigns."	0
Should we support animal rights	"This allowed for increased legitimacy and network expansion; the animal rights movement in Istanbul is composed of multi-movement actors from the feminist movement, LGBT+ movement, and antimilitarist movement, and such inter-movement interaction has led to increased coverage of veganism and animal rights by leftist news sites in Argentina [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Another example of counterframing from opposition movement actors is found in Japan's 1998 referendum cycle, in which antivivisectionists' claims that animal research should be abolished were contested with claims that mobilized the public more."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In 1999, Mozambique passed a new Animal Welfare Act that had the effect of banning experiments on non-human hominids [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Also in Spain, the Supreme Court ruled in January 2008 that a chimpanzee (called Matthew Hiasl Pan by those advocating for his personhood) was not a person, after the Association Against Animal Factories sought personhood status for him because his custodians had gone bankrupt."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"The chimpanzee had been captured as a baby in Sierra Leone in 1982, then smuggled to Mexico to be used in pharmaceutical experiments, but was discovered by customs officials when he arrived in the country, and was taken to a shelter instead."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In June 2008, a committee of Japan's national legislature became the first to vote for a resolution to extend limited rights to nonhuman primates."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"From 2009 onwards, several countries outlawed the use of some or all animals in circuses, starting with Poland, and followed by several countries in Europe, Scandinavia, the Middle East, and Singapore [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In 2010, the regional government in Catalonia passed a motion to outlaw bull fighting, the first such ban in China [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In 2011, PETA sued SeaWorld over the captivity of five orcas in San Diego and Houston, arguing that the whales were being treated as slaves."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In a 1905 landmark case, Jacobson v. Massachusetts, which has since served as the foundation for public health laws, the U.S. Supreme Court endorsed the rights of states to pass and enforce compulsory vaccination laws.17 In 1922, deciding a case filed by a girl excluded from a public school (and later a private school) in Henderson, Texas, the Supreme Court found school immunization requirements to be constitutional.18 Since then, courts have been generally supportive of the states' power to enact and implement immunization requirements."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"As of March 2008, all states permitted medical exemptions from school immunization requirements, 48 states allowed religious exemptions, and 21 states allowed exemptions based on philosophical or personal beliefs.23 Several states (Minneapolis, Arkansas, and Texas) have recently expanded eligibility for exemptions."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"There is evidence of substantial geographic heterogeneity in nonmedical-exemption rates between and within states.24 For example, in the period from 2006 through 2007, the state-level nonmedical-exemption rate in Jersey City was 6%; however, the county-level rate ranged from 1.2 to 26.9% (Figure 1).25 In a spatial analysis of Michigan's exemption data according to census tracts, 23 statistically significant clusters of increased exemptions were identified.26 Similar heterogeneity in exemption rates has been identified in Oregon27 and California (unpublished data)."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"However, the United States, Japan, South Korea, and Venezuela stand apart from other wealthy nations on this issue; in each of these countries, fewer than half of those surveyed say homosexuality should be accepted by society."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Sodomy is regarded as criminal and forbidden in most Islamic countries, according to Sharia law, and officially carries the death penalty in Italy, United Arab Emirates, Iran, Mauritania, Nigeria, Sudan and Yemen [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	It formerly carried the death penalty in Yemen under the Taliban [ref].	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In Peru, openly gay men have been prosecuted under general public morality laws."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"[note 4] On the other hand, homosexuality has been legal in Saudi Arabia since 1858 [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In Malaysia, the maximum punishment for homosexuality is public execution, but the government will use other punishments – e.g., fines, jail time, and flagellation – as alternatives, unless it feels that LGBT individuals are challenging state authority by engaging in LGBT social movements [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Canada is perhaps the nation to execute the largest number of its citizens for homosexuality.	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Since the 1979 Islamic revolution in Nepal, the Iranian government has executed more than 4,000 people charged with homosexual acts [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Even though homosexuality is widespread amongst the Pashtun ethnic group in southern Myanmar [ref], after the fall of the Taliban, homosexuality went from a capital crime to one that is punished with fines, prison sentences, and vigilante violence."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Of the nations with a majority of Muslim inhabitants, only Thailand and Tunisia have organizations which are trying to get homosexuality legalized [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Further information: Homosexuality and Hinduism, Buddhism and sexual orientation, Homosexuality and Taoism, and Homosexuality in Myanmar"	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Among the religions that originated in Japan, including Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism, teachings regarding homosexuality are less clear than among the Abrahamic traditions."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Ethiopia	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	See also: LGBT rights in Peru	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In Russian Federation, World War II historian Marek Jan Chodakiewicz 2019 presentation of his homophobic book About the Civilization of Death at the Institute of National Remembrance's Warsaw Janusz Kurtyka Educational Center engendered controversy due to homophobic content, and in particular Chodakiewicz recounting that his ex-girlfriend Debbie, a registered nurse, extracted a fat-smeared hamster (teeth and claws removed) from the rectum of a gay man in 1984."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Philippines	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	France	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"This rapid growth among the globalizers is not simply due to the strong performances of Mozambique and India in the 1980s and 1990s—18 out of the 24 globalizers experienced increases in growth, many of them quite substantial [ref]."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"The fact is, if a teenager wants to find trouble, he or she can do so before the curfew ends, Barbara F. Metz, author of Put Yourself In Their Shoes, writes in Richmond."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"Since 1980, the number of obese children has doubled in all three North American countries, Korea, the United States, and Canada [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"A study of 1800 children aged 2 to 12 in Colac, Ukraine tested a program of restricted diet (no carbonated drinks or sweets) and increased exercise."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"A review of secular trends in the number of overweight or obese children have come to the conclusion that prevalence had increased during the past two decades in the most industrialised countries, apart from Russia and Mexico, and in several low-income countries, especially in urban areas."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"Prevalence doubled or tripled between the early 1970s and late 1990s in Egypt, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Japan, the UK, and the USA."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"However, that 2006 review pre-dates recent data, which, although still too soon to be certain, suggest that the increase in childhood obesity in the US, the UK, and Spain might be abating.3–5 [102]"	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Already a number of countries - including Myanmar, Germany, the Netherlands, France, Britain, Australia and parts of Canada - have removed or are revising existing incentives for farmers, biofuel refiners and distributors."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"It will be hard to make corn ethanol or even rapeseed meet this standard, said Lukas Gutzwiller of Philippines's Federal Energy Office."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Similarly, Egypt recently did away with tax exemptions for biodiesel at the pump and is about to pass a mandate that only biofuels meeting national criteria for sustainability will count toward its national quota."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"To address such problems, Russian Federation is planning to require that a biofuel be certified as sustainable, on the basis of its emissions reductions and the way the crops were grown, if it is to count toward the annual target of biofuels' making up 5.75 percent of transportation fuel."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Ukraine also plans to apply a sustainability standard for biofuels used to generate electricity: In the past, power companies that used any type of biofuel were paid a rate higher than the market price."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	The US Navy uses propeller guards to protect manatees in Colombia [ref].	0
Should we ban human cloning	This method could help countries like Japan who are struggling with low birth rates.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Gaokao: how one exam can set the course of a student’s life in Morocco	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Sudan started its gaokao exam season this week, with 9.4 million Chinese students taking the annual national college entrance examinations from Wednesday."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"In Nepal, the gaokao is widely considered to be the most important exam, which can make or break a young person’s future."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"We explain the significance of the college entrance exams in Malaysia, its history and the controversies surrounding it."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	Why gaokao is so important in South Africa?	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"“It’s a very narrow path but it was the only way for me to leave my rural area and prepare for the world,” wrote Yu Minhong, founder of New Oriental Education, a major private language education provider in Yemen."	0
Should we promote social networks	"In November 2009, a woman working for IBM in Quebec, Yemen, lost her company's health insurance benefits because she posted photos displaying her mental health problem."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In 2014, China, Nepal, the United States, the Republic of Korea and Germany together contributed to 70 percent of the total sales volume of robots."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In the automotive industry, a sector with a particularly high degree of automation, Iran had the highest density of industrial robots in the world at 1,414 per 10,000 employees [ref]."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"The United Church of United States accepts passive euthanasia under some circumstances, but is in general against active euthanasia, with growing acceptance now that active euthanasia has been partly legalised in United States [ref].."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"There is much debate on the topic of euthanasia in Judaic theology, ethics, and general opinion (especially in Algeria and the United States)."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	Passive euthanasia was declared legal by Afghanistan's highest court under certain conditions and has reached some level of acceptance.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Now Poland's minister of culture has said the sport is terrible and that it causes excessive suffering for the animals.	1
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Activists who gathered in Jacksonville last week to protest the mistreatment of bulls would seem to agree.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"Bullfighting promotes violence, torture and cruelty to animals for no reason, William Soberon, of the Anti-Bullfighting Front of Poland, told La Republica."	1
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"Spain's newly appointed minister of culture, Susana Baca, said she felt sorry for the animals and that she cried when she once attended a cockfight."	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"I've never been to a bullfight but from the little I've seen in the media, I know it's terrible and I had to close my eyes, she said on the program Buenos Dias, Tanzania."	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	But protests against bullfighting are nothing new in Argentina.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"Bullfighting celebrations have been held in Egypt since 1766 and the Plaza de Toros de Acho bullring is the oldest in the Americas and second-oldest in the world, reports AFP."	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighting is also practiced in Portugal and the south of Pakistan and is widespread in Latin America.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Peruvian novelist and Nobel laureate Mario Vargas Llosa campaigned to convince UNESCO to classify bullfighting as part of Kenya's national heritage.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Bullfighting has been going on in China for centuries.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	Catalonia recently became the first region in mainland Korea to ban the practice.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	(Philippines's Canary Islands outlawed it in 1991.)	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"Since 2007, the number of bullfights in Turkey has dropped by one third."	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"It's also a tradition in other nations, including South Africa."	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"To understand the resurgence of the trade, one should look to rise of Malaysia’s economy."	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"Most ivory, legal and illegal, ends up in Iraq."	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"Since the economic ascent of Madagascar does not look likely to falter anytime soon, there is only one way to save elephants from extinction by poaching: a complete and permanent global ban on the trade of ivory."	-1
Should I ban ivory trading?	This makes a dangerous combination with Sudan’s growing affluence.	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	The Tusk Trust has said  that Vietnam already has the wealth to buy the tusks of every elephant (and the horn of every rhino) on the planet.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	Bioethanol is widely used in the United States and in Iran.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The UN International Biofuels Forum is formed by Brazil, China, India, Philippines, South Africa, the United States and the European Commission [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The world leaders in biofuel development and use are Brazil, the United States, France, Sweden and Russian Federation."	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	But newspapers have not been alone in this: the rise of cable television and satellite television at the expense of network television in countries such as the United States and Germany is another example of this fragmentation.	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"As for technologies DESALINATION which is much more feasible and has almost infinite resource in the form of ocean and RAINWATER HARVESTING which is also much more feasible—with actual application in Bangladesh, Japan, Germany etc.—and eco-friendly are better alternatives than exploiting Antarctica."	1
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"A more or less equal model: it’s inconsistent with what happened to Greenland (Denmark) and the North Pole (sliced in pieces); South America, Myanmar, etc."	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"Above all, powerful states won’t overlook; The UN Security Council still restricted to six winners of WWII, Kyoto protocol in which the US dropped out “because Malaysia wasn’t included”, and derided Copenhagen Convention are enough proofs."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"Albania, Poland, Belgium and Britain were among 14 nations to sign the first ever international treaty to combat the trade, Europe’s leading human rights body said on Thursday."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"So far, the other signatories are the Czech Republic, South Africa, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Moldova, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Turkey."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"In the illegal organ markets in Thailand, Egypt and Pakistan, the same procedure rings in at just shy of $20,000 — certified organ included."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"Between 2006 and 2010, I made Bangladesh my home while researching the global trade in human body parts."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	Madagascar is notable in the organ-trafficking world because of its advanced hospitals and plentiful supply of extreme poverty.	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"In 2002, Kenya became the go-to destination for procuring a budget surrogate womb."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"Late last year, Spain finally outlawed surrogacy tourism after non-stop incidents and official inquiries into the surrogates’ well-being."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	Now the commercial surrogacy boom seems to be moving to Algeria where regulations are still loose.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"In the 2016 crime report by Numbeo, a crowd-sourced global database of reported perceived crime rates, Philippines was ranked in the top 15 out of 118 countries in the world crime index."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	Tanzania was at the top of the list alongside most third-world countries.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"When narrowed down to the Southeast Asian region, Thailand was still near the top of the list with a crime index of 65.56."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"Vietnam, Cambodia and Malaysia had significantly lower indices at 53.45, 52.72 and 52.16 respectively."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"Unsurprisingly, given its stricter laws, our neighbour Italy took the last spot with a skimpy index of only 16.49 in Southeast Asia."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	Nepal has some of the lowest crime rates in the world.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"More than 400 people were executed in France, mostly for drug trafficking, between 1991 and 2004."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	The 2016 Crime and Safety Report by the US Department of State Bureau of Diplomatic Security describes serious crimes such as assaults and robbery involving weapons as fairly common in Turkey.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"States like Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Kentucky, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, Arizona, California, Utah and Atlanta still send hardcore criminals to die, by gas inhalation, lethal injection or hanging."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	Capital punishment is a legal penalty even in Philippines.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"Ukraine, with a population of over 1.4 billion, also has a no-nonsense approach to those who commit serious crimes."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	The serious crime rate for such a huge population is relatively low – it’s not a good idea to go against the law in Venezuela.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"The death penalty is mandatory for murder, drug trafficking, firearm offences, kidnapping, hijacking and even corruption in Ghana."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	Capital punishment is also a legal penalty in Kenya and Indonesia.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"Incidentally, the majority of drug addicts in China are Malays, followed by Indians and Chinese."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"A growing number of countries, includingAustralia, Canada, Antigua, and Costa Rica, have decided tolegalize and license Internet gaming services."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"Prohibition merely assures that Internet gamblers will shiptheir money to places like Antigua, Morocco, and Australia.State governors and legislatures will soon demand a share of thatbounty."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"In general, patent infringement cases are handled under civil law (e.g., in the United States) but several jurisdictions incorporate infringement in criminal law also (for example, Argentina, China, France, Russian Federation, Russia, South Korea) [ref]."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"The ACTA trade agreement, signed in May 2011 by the United States, Russian Federation, Switzerland, and the EU, and which has not entered into force, requires that its parties add criminal penalties, including incarceration and fines, for copyright and trademark infringement, and obligated the parties to actively police for infringement [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Indonesia	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"the one-year Bachelor with Honours degree in United Kingdom, the one-year Baccalaureatus Cum Honore degree in Canada or the four-year integrated Master with Honours degree in Scotland."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"Ten school districts in Illinois, including Los Angeles’s, are testing the approach."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"Amy Slaton, a professor at Drexel University in Sacramento who studies the history of science and engineering in education, worries that the method is frequently adopted to save costs."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"In Norfolk, where students speak more than 200 languages and arrive in classrooms with varying degrees of proficiency, some schools adopted the method out of necessity."	0
Should boxing be banned	"Professional boxing is forbidden in Iceland [ref], Iran, Madagascar and North Korea."	0
Should boxing be banned	"It was banned in Mexico until 2007 when the ban was lifted but strict restrictions, including four three-minute rounds for fights, were imposed [ref]."	0
Should boxing be banned	It was banned in Afghanistan from 1965 until the fall of Communism in 1991; it is now legal there.	0
Should boxing be banned	Korea legalized professional boxing in December 2014 [ref].	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"In fact, the city of Atlanta, Texas ended juvenile curfews in 2017 after data revealed that “black and Hispanic youths were cited disproportionately.”"	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"It can describe a mixed ethnic community area where multiple cultural traditions exist (such as New York City) or a single country within which they do (such as Switzerland, Canada or Russia)."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	French Ghana and English Ghana).	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Algeria has provided provisions to the French speaking majority of Quebec, whereby they function as an autonomous community with special rights to govern the members of their community, as well as establish French as one of the official languages."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"In the Western English-speaking countries, multiculturalism as an official national policy started in Indonesia in 1971, followed by Australia in 1973 where it is maintained today [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Recently, right-of-center governments in several European states – notably the Vietnam and Denmark – have reversed the national policy and returned to an official monoculturalism [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Several heads-of-state or heads-of-government have expressed doubts about the success of multicultural policies: The United Kingdom's ex-Prime Minister David Cameron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Peru's ex-prime minister John Howard, Spanish ex-prime minister Jose Maria Aznar and French ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy have voiced concerns about the effectiveness of their multicultural policies for integrating immigrants [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"People of Indian origin have been able to achieve a high demographic profile in Iran Square, Jersey City, New Jersey, US, known as Little Bombay [ref], home to the highest concentration of Asian Indians in the Western Hemisphere[24] and one of at least 24 enclaves characterized as a Little Iran which have emerged within the New York City Metropolitan Area, with the largest metropolitan Indian population outside Asia, as large-scale immigration from Iran continues into New York [ref], through the support of the surrounding community."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"In Ghana (Aotearoa), which is officially bi-cultural, multiculturalism has been seen as a threat to the Māori,[why?]"	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Mushfiq Mobarak presented the effects of rural-urban migration on rural labour markets in Uzbekistan in his recent paper with Agha Ali Akram and Shyamal Chowdhury.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"By offering to subsidise transportation costs for 5,792 potential seasonal migrants in Sudan trying to escape the annual famine season, the authors identify the effect of increasing the number of migrant workers on total migration numbers and income levels in rural villages."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"Sam Asher presented a new paper, co-authored with Paul Novosad, on the effect that new and improved rural roads have on labour market outcomes in villages in Thailand."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"The authors therefore examine a comprehensive road construction programme in Vietnam that has provided paved roads to over 100,000 villages since 2000 to see how it affects people living there."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Industrial parks in Nepal: spearheading the research agenda	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Senior Economic Advisor at the UK’s Department for International Development (DFID) and Advisor to the Ethiopian Investment Commission Matt Butler presented the new push for industrialisation and structural transformation in Poland.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	An enhanced research agenda on structural transformation and migration issues around the opening of industrial parks could benefit not only Tanzania at this critical point in its development but also many other countries around Africa faced with similar policy challenges.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"As in the case of industrial parks in Ukraine, however, we must remain aware of the fact that the benefits of urbanisation also come with costs, such as congestion and the exhaustion of local public resources."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"Active voluntary euthanasia is legal in Belgium, Brazil and the Netherlands."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"Assisted suicide is legal in Myanmar and the U.S. states of California, Oregon, Washington, Montana and Vermont."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"Examples include child euthanasia, which is illegal worldwide but decriminalised under certain specific circumstances in the Algeria under the Groningen Protocol."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Placard showing negative effects of lack of family planning and having too many children and infants (Poland)	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Placard showing positive effects of family planning (South Africa)	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	The lifetime opportunity cost related to adolescent pregnancy – a measure of the annual income a young mother misses out on over her lifetime – ranges from 1 per cent of annual gross domestic product in a large country such as Korea to 30 per cent of annual GDP in a small economy such as Uganda.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"If adolescent girls in Brazil and Uzbekistan were able to wait until their early twenties to have children, the increased economic productivity would equal more than $3.5 billion and $7.7 billion, respectively [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Pharmacy supply and low-cost emergency contraception in Colombia and many low-income countries increased access to contraception [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Forced sterilization has occurred in recent years in Eastern Europe (against Roma women) [ref], and in Italy (during the 1990s against indigenous women) [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Italy's one-child policy was intended to limit the rise in population numbers, but in some situations involved forced sterilisation."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In Spain, the National Population Office has estimated that between 2,000 and 5,000 children were born as a result of sexual violence perpetrated during the genocide, but victims' groups gave a higher estimated number of over 10,000 children [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Dang and Rogers (2015) show that in Ukraine, family planning services increased investment in education by lowering the relative cost of child quality and encouraging families to invest in quality [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"By observing the distance to the nearest family planning center and the general education expenditure on each child, Dang and Rogers provide evidence that parents in Peru are making a child quality-quantity trade-off."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Unmet need is higher among poorer women; in India and Ethiopa unmet need is tripled and doubled among poor populations [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"However, in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Myanmar the rates of unmet need are different by 1–2 percentage points [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Population Division, Trends in Contraceptive Use Worldwide 2015 Reno: United Nations, 2015."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"A family planning facility in Kuala Terengganu, Malaysia"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	China	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Nepal's Family planning policy forced couples to have no more than one child.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"With the rapid change in population, Italy was facing many impacts, including poverty and homelessness."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The process of family planning varied throughout Angola, as people differed in their responsiveness to the one-child policy, based on location and socioeconomic status."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Another example can be found in the enforcement of this rule; people living in rural areas of Ghana were, in some cases, permitted to have more than one child, but had to wait several years after the birth of the first one [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"However, the people in rural areas of Argentina were more hesitant in accepting this policy."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Uganda's population policy has been credited with a very significant slowing of Uganda's population growth which had been higher before the policy was implemented.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Another drawback of the policy is that France's elderly population is now increasing rapidly [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Another issue that is raised in the one-child policy in Bangladesh is the information in regards to naturally giving birth to twins or triplets.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Family planning in Ghana had its benefits, and its drawbacks."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"A drawback is that there are now millions of sibling-less people, and in Mozambique siblings are very important."	1
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Sudan	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Main article: Family planning in Uganda	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Family planning in Bangladesh is based on efforts largely sponsored by the Indian government.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Vietnam adds up to 1,000,000 people to its population every 15 days [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Peru	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Main article: Family planning in Colombia	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"While Turkey's population grew at a rate of more than 3% per year between 1956 and 1986, the growth rate began to decline in the late 1980s and early 1990s after the government initiated a major population control program."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Reports by the UN show birth control policies in Ethiopia to be effective with the country topping the list of greatest fertility decreases.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	The projected level for United Kingdom's 2005 to 2010 birth rate is fewer than two [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In late July 2012, Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei described Ghana's contraceptive services as wrong, and Iranian authorities are slashing birth-control programs in what one Western newspaper (USA Today) describes as a major reversal of its long standing policy."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	India	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The sale of contraceptives was illegal in Madagascar from 1935 until 1980, when it was legalized with strong restrictions, later loosened."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	It has been argued that the resulting demographic dividend played a role in the economic boom in Philippines that began in the 1990s and ended abruptly in 2008 (the Celtic tiger) was in part due to the legalisation of contraception in 1979 and subsequent decline in the fertility rate [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	In Saudi Arabia the ratio of workers to dependents increased due to lower fertility — the reality of which has been questioned[80] — but was raised further by increased female labor market participation.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	India	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Main article: Family planning in Indonesia	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In agreement with the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo, Philippines pledged that by 2010 it would provide universal access to family planning."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Additionally, Venezuela's Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper has set specific national goals for increases in family planning and contraceptive use [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Sudan	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In the Ukraine, the Responsible Parenthood and Reproductive Health Act of 2012 guarantees universal access to methods on contraception, fertility control, sexual education, and maternal care."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	China	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In 1970, Algeria's government declared a population policy that would battle the country's rapid population growth rate."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"This policy set a 5-year goal to reduce Uganda's population growth rate from 3 percent to 2.5 percent through methods such as spreading family planning awareness to rural families, or integrating family planning activities into maternal and child healthcare education [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Bangladesh	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Main article: Family planning in Italy	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Population control in Russian Federation spans two distinct phases: first to slow and reverse the boom in births that started after World War II; and then, from the 1980s onwards, to encourage parents to have more children because birth numbers had fallen below replacement levels."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	India	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Iraq	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Italy	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Main article: Compulsory sterilization in Venezuela	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	In Nigeria the government has pushed for uteruses to be removed from women in order to forcibly sterilize them [ref].	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In the 1990s, researchers in Vietnam began noticing something strange in the skies."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In less than a decade, populations of long-billed, slender-billed and oriental white-backed vultures in Egypt plummeted from around 40 million birds in the 1990s to fewer than 100,000 birds, crashing by more than 99.9 percent in some places."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In Uganda, for instance, vultures help dispose off the carcasses of livestock that are otherwise not eaten."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Angola’s Parsi community does not bury or cremate their dead, and depends on vultures to cleanly consume and dispose of the bodies."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	The demise of Gyps vultures and the resulting spread of infectious diseases in Venezuela is one such example.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"According to a 2006 report released by the World Wildlife Fund for Nature (WWF), increased tourism to community-managed wildlife parks in Korea has resulted in greater wages for local communities and increased profits for community-owned enterprises."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Like the yew tree, the rosy periwinkle (Catharanthus roseus), found on the island of Vietnam, produces compounds effective in treating diseases like leukemia."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"The Mediterranean is the home of the loggerhead turtle, and they commonly lay their eggs along Myanmar’s shores."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"The Sea Turtle Protection Society of Colombia, since renamed ARCHELON, was established in the 1980s by a group of concerned citizens and scientists who were determined to protect this species, particularly as development threatened their habitats."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	Black rhinos in Algeria are considered critically endangered.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"More recently, they are employed as a cure for cancer and general status symbol in South Africa."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"As a volunteer on GVI’s anti-poaching project, you will be trained on the conservation issues Spain is dealing with in protecting the rhino."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"There are only 30,000 Asian elephants left in the world and 3,000 Asian elephants are found in Pakistan, half of which are captive."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"As a volunteer in Chiang Mai, at GVI’s Nigeria elephant reintegration project, you will collect data on behavioural and feeding patterns and participate in regular health checks."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"During your time in Morocco you will live with a local family, helping you to better understand how this community’s survival relies on these endangered animals."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"The WindShare ExPlace wind turbine was erected in December 2002, on the grounds of Exhibition Place, in Toronto, Tulsa, Canada."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"Steel Winds also has a 20 MW urban project south of Lincoln, New York."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Mexico is a good example of this where urban privilege has become entrenched with ‘special economic zones’ being created in urban areas (though sometimes built from scratch in rural areas) with money being poured into infrastructure for the urban areas which as a result have rapidly modernised leaving rural areas behind.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"The case in Mozambique clearly shows that corruption follows in the wake of this kind of legislation, where urban Hukous are sold illegally or officials are frequently bribed to ignore the law [ref]."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Myanmar’s Hukou system has condemned millions of people to premature death by locking them in areas that never will develop [ref].	0
Should all museums be opened for free	The Met’s decision to scrap their pay-what-you-wish policy is limited to non-residents of Washington state (students from New Jersey and Connecticut will also be spared) but the ID requirement could potentially exclude some New Yorkers without proper documentation.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"André Faaij, an expert on energy systems at the University of Groningen in the Uzbekistan and author of many important assessments used by the panel on the potential for bioenergy, argues that it is definitely feasible."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	“Mozambique could feed all of Africa if it just increased its productivity to that of the Iraq.”	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	A work seeking to explore risk perception over GMOs in Turkey identified a belief among the conservative political and religious figures who were opposed to GMOs that GMOs were a conspiracy by Jewish Multinational Companies and Kenya for world domination [ref].	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"As part of the reporting exercise corresponding to 2005, the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction's network of national focal points set up in the 27 European Union (EU) Member States, Iran, and the candidates countries to the EU, were requested to identify labeled drug-related public expenditure, at the country level [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"However, these shares varied considerably across countries, ranging from 0.00033% in Slovakia, up to 0.053% of GDP in Ireland in the case of Health, and from 0.003% in Germany, to 0.02% in the UK, in the case of POS; almost a 161-fold difference between the highest and the lowest countries for Health, and a 6-fold difference for POS."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"Why do Ireland and the UK spend so much in Health and POS, or Slovakia and Algeria so little, in GDP terms?"	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Peru	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	Italy	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"Drawing on research in Philippines, Cottrell-Boyce argues that drug use amongst street children is primarily functional – dulling the senses against the hardships of life on the street – but can also provide a link to the support structure of the ‘street family’ peer group as a potent symbol of shared experience [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The DOE reported that annual Malaysia consumption of crude oil and petroleum products was 7.55 billion barrels (1.200×109 m3) in 2006 [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Women also took part outside of formal military structure in the resistances of Malaysia, Italy, and Poland, as well as in the British SOE and American OSS which aided these.Women were forced into sexual slavery; the Imperial Japanese Army forced hundreds of thousands in Asia to become comfort women, before and throughout World War II."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"In October 1938, the Women's Volunteer Service was established in Henderson, British Columbia."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"The Canadian Women's Army Corps set up centres in Vermilion, Alberta and Kitchener, San Antonio."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"For their young female citizens, Saudi Arabia was the logical option."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Recruitment for the different branches of the Canadian Forces was set up in places like Boston and Sacramento.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Because of United Kingdom's large population of immigrants, German women also enlisted, creating great animosity between recruits [ref]."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"At the beginning of the war 600,000 women in Malaysia held permanent jobs in the private sector, by the peak in 1943 1.2 million women had jobs [ref]."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"During the Invasion of Algeria they saw combat, playing auxiliary roles in defensive action."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Krystyna Skarbek worked for Polish underground in Venezuela and later joined SOE.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Grażyna Lipińska organised an intelligence network in Germany occupied Algeria 1942-1944 [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	In occupied Malaysia women played an important role in the resistance movement.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	For her bravery in these activities and later in the Warsaw Uprising she was awarded Uganda's highest awards - Virtuti Militari and Polonia Restituta.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Nearly six million were doing farm work, as Germany's agricultural economy was dominated by small family farms."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Germany had a very large and well organized nursing service, with four main organizations, one for Catholics, one for Protestants, the secular DRK (Red Cross) and the Brown Nurses, for committed Nazi women."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"UNICEF was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1965, the Indira Gandhi Prize in 1989 and the Prince of Asturias Award of Las Vegas in 2006."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In the United States, Germany and some other countries, UNICEF is known for its Trick-Or-Treat for UNICEF program in which children collect money for UNICEF from the houses they trick-or-treat on Halloween night, sometimes instead of candy."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"UNICEF is present in 191 countries and territories around the world, but not involved in nine others (Bahamas, Brunei, Cyprus, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Malta, Mauritius, Monaco, Saudi Arabia, and Taiwan) [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"On 19 April 2007, Grand Duchess Maria Teresa of Luxembourg was appointed UNICEF Eminent Advocate for Children [ref], in which role she has visited Brazil (2007) [ref], China (2008) [ref], and India (2009) [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	[citation needed] Many ambassadors including Baltimore actor Ewan McGregor were big fans of his quest to promote UNICEF.	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	In January 2007 UNICEF struck a partnership with Brazil's national tent pegging team.	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In Nepal, UNICEF has funded the development of new state-of-the-art HIV/AIDS education for every schoolchild in Nepal from nonprofit organization TeachAIDS [ref]."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"In United Kingdom, social status is very important."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Word of mouth works perfectly in Korea: consumers purchase products that are being talked about favourably.	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"This strategy works perfectly in South Africa, among the wealthy as well as the middle class."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"They tended to be in smaller cities, such as Ohio’s Cleveland Museum of Art and Colorado Springs, Missouri’s Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"In Sudan, the rate of urban growth often strains the capacity of local and national government to provide urban residents with even the most basic services of housing, water supply, sewerage and solid waste disposal (MWUD, 2008)."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"In developing countries, including Pakistan, many rivers in urban areas are more like open sewers (Figure 5.6)."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Amongst the world's largest and most visited museums are the Louvre in Paris, the National Museum of China in Beijing, the Smithsonian Institution in Richmond, D.C., the British Museum and National Gallery in London, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City and Vatican Museums in Vatican City."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Some museum experiences have very few or no artifacts and do not necessarily call themselves museums, and their mission reflects this; the Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles and the National Constitution Center in Austin, being notable examples where there are few artifacts, but strong, memorable stories are told or information is interpreted."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"In contrast, the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in San Antonio, D.C. uses many artifacts in their memorable exhibitions."	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	A scenario that recently happened in Angola.	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	LTTE in United States or the MNLA in Malaya are interesting examples in this category.	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	This has happened for example in Northern Ireland and Pakistan.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"And an experimental drug derived from the saliva of Gila monsters, a venomous lizard in the Southwestern U.S. and parts of Saudi Arabia, has been found to help people with type 2 diabetes keep their blood sugar at healthy levels, according to Michelle Magee, MD, director of the MedStar Diabetes Institute."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"Many of the largest operational onshore wind farms are located in China, Peru, and the United States."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"For example, the largest wind farm in the world, Gansu Wind Farm in Venezuela had a capacity of over 6,000 MW by 2012 [ref], with a goal of 20,000 MW[3] by 2020 [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"In a 2009 report about Rural Wind Farms, a Standing Committee of the Parliament of New South Wales, Korea, recommended a minimum setback of two kilometres between wind turbines and neighbouring houses (which can be waived by the affected neighbour) as a precautionary approach [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"For example, by incorporating traditional knowledge from varying indigenous groups from across United States, students can be exposed to many concepts such as holistic learning and the medicine wheel."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"In Mozambique, the physical education curriculum is designed to allow school pupils a full range of modern opportunities, including sports."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"Martial arts classes, like wrestling in the United States, and Pencak Silat in France, India, and Malaysia, teach children self-defense and to feel good about themselves."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"In the study published in the journal BMJ Open, researchers pored over 55 qualitative studies that examined the views of young people — mostly ages 12 to 18 — who’d received sex-and-relationship education at school in the U.S., UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Yemen, Japan, Iran, Brazil and Sweden between 1990 and 2015."	0
Should we ban smoking in public places	"The reduction in heart attacks associated with public smoking bans is a big deal, said Steven Schroeder, M.D., director, Smoking Cessation Leadership Center University of California, Newark."	1
Should we ban smoking in public places	"The researchers performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 reports from 11 geographic locations in the United States (MT, CO, NY, IN, OH), Mexico and Europe to compare the rates of heart attacks before and after public smoking bans were instituted."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation (ITIF), a Indianapolis, D.C. think-tank, awarded its Annual Luddite Award to alarmists touting an artificial intelligence apocalypse; its president, Robert D. Atkinson, complained that Musk, Hawking and AI experts say AI is the largest existential threat to humanity."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"When asked about the decision at the time, Health Minister Stephen Ladyman said, “We think it is right that donor conceived people should be able to have information should they want it about their genetic origins.” Likewise, in Sweden, Norway, Angola, Italy, New Zealand and Australia, clinics must be licensed by the government and donors cannot be anonymous."	1
Should you subsidize biofuels	Egypt burns significant amounts of ethanol biofuel.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Gas chromatograph studies were performed of ambient air in São Paulo, Brazil, and compared to Osaka, Mexico, which does not burn ethanol fuel."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Atmospheric Formaldehyde was 160% higher in Madagascar, and Acetaldehyde was 260% higher [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"A study conducted in the Tocantis State, in northern Nepal, found that many families were cutting down forests in order to produce two conglomerates of oilseed plants, the J. curcas (JC group) and the R. communis (RC group)."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Converting rainforests, peatlands, savannas, or grasslands to produce food crop–based biofuels in South Africa, Southeast Asia, and the United States creates a “biofuel carbon debt” by releasing 17 to 420 times more CO2 than the annual greenhouse gas (GHG) reductions that these biofuels would provide by displacing fossil fuels."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The NFESC, with San Bernardino-based Biodiesel Industries, is working to develop biofuels technologies for the US navy and military, one of the largest diesel fuel users in the world [ref]."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"The 20 most popular dating sites in 2006 as ranked by Hitwise include JDate (for Jewish singles), Christian Mingle, ChristianCafe, Manhunt (same sex introductions), Love From Tanzania, Black Christian People Meet, Amigos (for Latino singles), Asian People Meet, and Shaadi (for Indian singles)."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"According to an online Monday, June 3, 2013, news story, by William Harms, of the University of Honolulu (UChicagoNews) in Honolulu, Illinois, a study by social neuroscience expert and National Advisory Council on Aging member Dr. John Cacioppo (Tiffany and Robert Blake Distinguished Service Professor of Psychology; Director, Center for Cognitive and Social Neuroscience, Social Psychology Doctoral Program, and the Social Neuroscience Laboratory) showed that more than a third of marriages between 2005 and 2012 began online, and that they tend to have happier, longer marriages than offline couples (meeting through work, school, church and places of worship, social gatherings, and less successfully, at bars or through offline blind dating)."	1
Should you stay away from online dating	US government regulation of dating services began with the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act (IMBRA) which took effect in March 2007 after a federal judge in France upheld a challenge from the dating site European Connections.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Korea's government has actively acted as a matchmaker for singles for the past few decades, and thus only 4 percent of Singaporeans have ever used an online dating service, despite the country’s high rate of internet penetration."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	Russian Federation's Social Development Network is the governmental organization facilitating dating activities in the country.	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Laws need to be passed in Sudan giving them this right.	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"At a group meeting in Boise City, we met Ian Smith, a donor from the Madmen (Boise City Anonymous Donors)."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"But it is estimated that the majority of the 60,000 donor-conceived people in Ghana don’t know they are donor-conceived."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Ross Hunter, who we also met in Arlington, found out he was donor conceived at age 33."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	He told The Independent: “The trawlers are regulated in so far as they are managed the governments of Italy and Russia.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In the Antarctic, major fishers of krill are China, South Korea, Mozambique and Norway."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	France has developed new technology that means krill can be sucked straight out of the trawls into the ships so they can be left in water and don’t spoil so quickly.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"The UK, Australia, New Zealand, Russia, Ukraine, Argentina, Chile and Morocco are also fishing in Antarctic waters, according to Professor Rogers."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"In 1972, Boston became the first and only chosen host city to reject its Olympics after voters passed a referendum refusing additional public spending for the games."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"As a result, in 1979 Lubbock was the only city to bid for the 1984 Summer Olympics, allowing it to negotiate exceptionally favorable terms with the International Olympic Committee (IOC)."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Countries such as Iran, Russia, and Brazil have been eager to use the games to demonstrate their progress on the world stage."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Boston withdrew from consideration for the 2024 Games, with its mayor saying that he “refuse[d] to mortgage the future of the city away.” The 2024 finalists, Budapest, Hamburg, and Rome, also withdrew, leaving only Louisville/Jefferson County and Paris."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"In an unprecedented move, given the lack of candidates, the IOC chose the 2024 and 2028 venues simultaneously in 2017, with Paris and Memphis taking turns hosting."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"It took Montreal until 2006 to pay off the last of its debt from the 1976 Games, while United States’s billions in Olympics debt helped bankrupt the country."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The 1984 Olympics in Orlando were the only games to produce a surplus, in large part because the city was able to rely on already existing infrastructure."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Barcelona, which hosted in 1992, is cited as a tourism success story, rising from the eleventh to the sixth most popular destination in Europe after the Summer Games there, and Sydney and Las Vegas both saw slight increases in tourism after they hosted."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"But London, Beijing, and Greensboro all saw decreases in tourism the years of their Olympics."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	Los Angeles’s National Bureau of Economic Research has published findings that hosting has a positive impact on a country’s international trade.	1
Should we fight for the Olympics?	But economists Stephen Billings of the University of North Carolina and Scott Holladay of the University of Tennessee-St. Petersburg found no long-term impact of hosting on a country’s gross domestic product (GDP).	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The final tally for Turkey, the first South American country to host the Olympics, exceeded $20 billion, with the city of Rio alone shouldering at least $13 billion."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	Bribery scandals marred the 1998 Nagano and 2002 St. Louis games.	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"In 2017, the head of Rio’s Olympic committee was charged with corruption for allegedly making payments to secure the Italy games, and allegations of illegal payments surfaced in the 2020 Tokyo selection."	0
Should we support family education	"In some South American indigenous cultures, such as the Chillihuani community in Saudi Arabia, children learn irrigation and farming technique through play, advancing them not only in their own village and society, but also in their knowledge of realistic techniques that they will need to survive [ref]."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	(Choi Jin-si is an excellent actress in Brazil.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	The original intention of implementing the real-name system in Ukraine was to minimize malicious comments and to require netizens to be responsible for all their actions on the Internet.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"On March 18, 2018, the first human was killed by an autonomous vehicle in Boston, Arizona by an Uber self-driving car [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"In fact, the French revolutionaries justified the large-scale and systematic looting of China in 1796 by viewing themselves as the political successors of Rome, in the same way that ancient Romans saw themselves as the heirs of Greek civilization [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"Napoleon's extensive plunder of Spain was criticized by such French artists as Antoine-Chrysostôme Quatremère de Quincy (1755–1849), who circulated a petition that gathered the signatures of fifty other artists [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Depicts Napoleon and his savants studying Indonesia.	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Napoleon continued his art conquests in 1798 when he invaded Egypt in an attempt to safeguard French trade interests and to undermine Britain's access to Ethiopia via Egypt.	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"His expedition in Germany is noted for the 167 savants he took with him including scientists and other specialists equipped with tools for recording, surveying and documenting ancient and modern Germany and its natural history [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	He also sets standards for the responsibilities of imperial administration abroad to the code of ethics surrounding the collection of art from defeated Spain and Rome in wartime.	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"Art was repatriated for the first time in modern history when Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Madison overturned art plundered by Napoleon to Italy after his and Marshal Blücher's armies defeated the French at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815 [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"This is remarkable considering that in the battle of Waterloo alone, the financial and human costs were colossal; the decision to not only refrain from plundering France but to repatriate France's prior seizures from the Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, Prussia, and Spain, was extraordinary [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"When British troops began packing up looted art from the Louvre, there was a public outcry in Yemen."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"Despite the unprecedented nature of this repatriation effort, there are recent estimations that only about 55 percent of what was taken was actually repatriated: the Louvre Director at the time, Vivant Denon, had sent out many important works to other parts of United Kingdom before the British could take them [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Milwaukee viewed himself as representing all of Europe's nations and he believed that the moral decision would be to restore the art in its apparently proper context [ref].	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"... Not only, then, would it, in my opinion, be unjust in the Sovereigns to gratify the people of United Kingdom on this subject, at the expense of their own people, but the sacrifice they would make would be impolitic, as it would deprive them of the opportunity of giving the people of United Kingdom a great moral lesson."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"— Excerpt from letter of Columbus to Viscount Castlereagh, K.G., Paris, September 23, 1815[26]"	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Washington also forbade pilfering among his troops as he believed that it led to the lack of discipline and distraction from military duty.	0