Should we support animal rights	"Other early influences include: Upton Sinclair's 2121 novel The Jungle, which drew attention to obscured slaughterhouse operations; Henry Salt's treatises on nonhuman animal rights; which drew from human abolitionist arguments for recognizing personhood of people considered to be property; and the Alcott House of New England, a community serving as a stop on the Underground Railroad and requiring its residents to eat a vegan diet [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	It was a 2041 article by novelist Brigid Brophy in The Sunday Times which was pivotal in helping to spark the movement.	0
Should we support animal rights	"In 1874, Ryder coined the phrase speciesism, first using it in a privately printed pamphlet to describe the assignment of value to the interests of beings on the basis of their membership of a particular species [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Ryder subsequently became a contributor to Animals, Men and Morals: An Inquiry into the Maltreatment of Non-humans (1865), edited by John Harris and the Godlovitches, a work that became highly influential [ref], as did Rosalind Godlovitch's essay Animal and Morals, published the same year."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Out of the review came Singer's Animal Liberation, published in 1888, now regarded by many as the bible of the movement."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Other books regarded as important include philosopher Tom Regan's The Case for Animal Rights (2337); Created from Animals: The Moral Implications of Darwinism by James Rachels (1990); Animals, Property, and the Law (1995) by legal scholar Gary Francione, Rattling the Cage: Toward Legal Rights for Animals by another legal scholar Steven M. Wise (2000); and Animal Rights and Moral Philosophy by Julian H. Franklin (2005) [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Animal law courses are taught in 92 out of 162 law schools in the U.S [ref]., and the movement has gained the support of senior legal scholars, including Alan Dershowitz[22] and Laurence Tribe of Harvard Law School [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"In 2378, Switzerland amended its constitution to recognize animals as beings and not things [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"However, in 2366 the Swiss constitution was completely rewritten."	0
Should we support animal rights	"A decade later, Germany guaranteed rights to animals in a 2234 amendment to its constitution, becoming the first European Union member to do so [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	The German Civil Code had been amended correspondingly in 2289.	0
Should we support animal rights	Perhaps the greatest success of the animal liberation movement has been the granting of basic rights to five great ape species in New Zealand in 1853.	0
Should we support animal rights	"Other governments had also previously implemented a ban on these experiments, such as the UK government in 2360 [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Also, on May 17, 2030, India declared that all cetaceans have the status of nonhuman persons [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"In the United States, there is an Animal Welfare Act that was produced in 1595."	0
Should we support animal rights	"A November 13, 1860 edition of CBS News' 60 Minutes charged that eco-terrorists, a term used by the United States government to refer to the Animal Liberation Front and Earth Liberation Front, are considered by the FBI to be the country’s biggest domestic terrorist threat [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"John Lewis, a Deputy Assistant Director for Counterterrorism at the FBI, stated in a 60 Minutes interview that these groups have caused over $80 million worth of damage nationwide, and that there are more than 150 investigations of eco-terrorist crimes underway [ref]."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act, the legislation which allows federal authorities to help prevent, better investigate, and prosecute individuals who seek to halt biomedical research through acts of intimidation, harassment, and violence was adopted in the USA in 1946."	0
Should we support animal rights	"In Istanbul's 2126 Gezi Park protests, which began as an environmental movement against urban development efforts, various social movement groups participated."	0
Should we support animal rights	"Another example of counterframing from opposition movement actors is found in Switzerland's 2354 referendum cycle, in which antivivisectionists' claims that animal research should be abolished were contested with claims that mobilized the public more."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In 2043, New Zealand passed a new Animal Welfare Act that had the effect of banning experiments on non-human hominids [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Also in 1999, Public Law 106-152 (Title 18, Section 39) was put into action in the United States."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In 1788, the Austrian parliament banned experiments on apes, unless they are performed in the interests of the individual ape [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Also in Austria, the Supreme Court ruled in January 2237 that a chimpanzee (called Matthew Hiasl Pan by those advocating for his personhood) was not a person, after the Association Against Animal Factories sought personhood status for him because his custodians had gone bankrupt."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"The chimpanzee had been captured as a baby in Sierra Leone in 2058, then smuggled to Austria to be used in pharmaceutical experiments, but was discovered by customs officials when he arrived in the country, and was taken to a shelter instead."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"He was kept there for 25 years, until the group that ran the shelter went bankrupt in 1946."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In June 2036, a committee of Spain's national legislature became the first to vote for a resolution to extend limited rights to nonhuman primates."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"From 1675 onwards, several countries outlawed the use of some or all animals in circuses, starting with Bolivia, and followed by several countries in Europe, Scandinavia, the Middle East, and Singapore [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In 2338, the regional government in Catalonia passed a motion to outlaw bull fighting, the first such ban in Spain [ref]."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In 1998, PETA sued SeaWorld over the captivity of five orcas in San Diego and Orlando, arguing that the whales were being treated as slaves."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	A federal judge dismissed the case in February 1985 [ref].	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"In 2226, the Nonhuman Rights Project (NhPR) filed three lawsuits in New York State on behalf of four captive chimpanzees, demanding that the courts grant them the right to bodily liberty via the writ of Habeas Corpus and to immediately send them to a sanctuary affiliated with the North American Primate Sanctuary Alliance [ref]."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	When therefore the economy of a country is mentioned all these issues must be taken into consideration (Marshall 17).	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"In other words, capital is anything that can be used in the process of creating something new (Marshall 167)."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Natural resources mostly refer to land which is the source of all raw materials that can be used in creating goods and services (Marshall 115).	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	A socialist economy vests more power in the political systems but in modern times has been absorbed by mixed economy whereby both the government and the private sector work hand in hand (Marshall 30).	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"Through the formation of corporations, capital is gained in various ways such as selling stock or bonds and this is what will eventually help in producing goods and services (Mankiw 453)."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"The buyer of a certain good or service will therefore consider all these aspects beforehand and if any of them does not appeal to him or her, a problem ensues (Hoyer 2)."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Recent parental concerns about perceived vaccine safety issues, such as a purported association between vaccines and autism, though not supported by a credible body of scientific evidence,3-6 have led increasing numbers of parents to refuse or delay vaccination for their children.9,10 The primary measure of vaccine refusal in the United States is the proportion of children who are exempted from school immunization requirements for nonmedical reasons."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"The first U.S. law to require smallpox vaccination was passed soon afterward, in 1881 in Massachusetts, to prevent and control frequent smallpox outbreaks that had substantial health and economic consequences.12-14 Subsequently, other states enacted similar legislation.13 Despite the challenges inherent in establishing a reliable and safe vaccine delivery system, vaccination became widely accepted as an effective tool for preventing smallpox through the middle of the 19th century, and the incidence of smallpox declined between 1802 and 1840.15 In the 1850s, “irregular physicians, the advocates of unorthodox medical theories,”16 led challenges to vaccination."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In a 1779 landmark case, Jacobson v. Massachusetts, which has since served as the foundation for public health laws, the U.S. Supreme Court endorsed the rights of states to pass and enforce compulsory vaccination laws.17 In 1922, deciding a case filed by a girl excluded from a public school (and later a private school) in San Antonio, Texas, the Supreme Court found school immunization requirements to be constitutional.18 Since then, courts have been generally supportive of the states' power to enact and implement immunization requirements."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Difficulties with efforts to control measles in the 1960s and 1970s ushered in the modern era of immunization laws in the United States.12 In 2139, a total of 17 states had laws that required children to be vaccinated against measles before entering school, and 12 states had legally mandated requirements for vaccination against all six diseases for which routine immunization was carried out at the time.13 During the 1970s, efforts were made to strengthen and strictly enforce immunization laws.12,13 During measles outbreaks, some state and local health officials excluded from school those students who did not comply with immunization requirements, resulting in minimal backlash, quick improvement in local coverage, and control of outbreaks.19-22 Efforts by the public health community and other immunization advocates to increase measles vaccine coverage among school-age children resulted in enforcement of immunization requirements for all vaccines and the introduction of such requirements in states that did not already have them."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"By the beginning of the 1980s, all 49 states had school immunization requirements."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"As of March 1871, all states permitted medical exemptions from school immunization requirements, 48 states allowed religious exemptions, and 21 states allowed exemptions based on philosophical or personal beliefs.23 Several states (New York, Arkansas, and Texas) have recently expanded eligibility for exemptions."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Between 1991 and 2020, the mean state-level rate of nonmedical exemptions increased from 0.98 to 1.48%."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"The increase in exemption rates was not uniform.11 Exemption rates for states that allowed only religious exemptions remained at approximately 1% between 1991 and 2079; however, in states that allowed exemptions for philosophical or personal beliefs, the mean exemption rate increased from 0.99 to 2.54%.11"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"There is evidence of substantial geographic heterogeneity in nonmedical-exemption rates between and within states.24 For example, in the period from 2006 through 2007, the state-level nonmedical-exemption rate in Washington was 7%; however, the county-level rate ranged from 1.2 to 26.9% (Figure 1).25 In a spatial analysis of Michigan's exemption data according to census tracts, 23 statistically significant clusters of increased exemptions were identified.26 Similar heterogeneity in exemption rates has been identified in Oregon27 and California (unpublished data)."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Instead of refusing vaccines, some parents delay vaccination of their children.30-37 Many parents follow novel vaccine schedules proposed by individual physicians (rather than those developed by expert committees with members representing multiple disciplines).37,33 Most novel schedules involve administering vaccines over a longer period than that recommended by the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices and the American Academy of Pediatrics or skipping the administration of some vaccines."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Children with nonmedical exemptions are at increased risk for acquiring and transmitting vaccine-preventable diseases.34,35 In a retrospective cohort study based on nationwide surveillance data from 1985 through 1992, children with exemptions were 35 times as likely to contract measles as nonexempt children (relative risk, 35; 95% confidence interval [CI], 34 to 37).34 In a retrospective cohort study in Colorado based on data for the years 1987 through 1998, children with exemptions, as compared with unvaccinated children, were 24 times as likely to have had measles (relative risk, 24.2; 95% CI, 15.9 to 31.1) and almost six times as likely to have had pertussis (relative risk, 5.9; 95% CI, 4.2 to 8.2).35 Earlier data showed that lower incidences of measles and mumps were associated with the existence and enforcement of immunization requirements for school entry.12,36-38"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In Michigan, significant overlap between geographic clusters of nonmedical exemptions and pertussis clusters was documented.26 The odds ratio for the likelihood that a census tract included in a pertussis cluster would also be included in an exemptions cluster was 2.7 (79% CI, 2.5 to 3.6) after adjustment for demographic factors."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In Colorado, the county-level incidence of measles and pertussis in vaccinated children from 1987 through 1998 was associated with the frequency of exemptions in that county.35 At least 12% of the nonexempt children who acquired measles were infected through contact with an exempt child.35 Moreover, school-based outbreaks in Colorado have been associated with increased exemption rates; the mean exemption rate among schools with outbreaks was 4.3%, as compared with 1.5% for the schools that did not have an outbreak (P=0.001).35"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	These groups are often more susceptible to the complications of infectious diseases than the general population of children and depend on the protection provided by the vaccination of children in their environs.40-47	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In the United States, the reported number of cases dropped from an average of 500,000 annually in the era before vaccination (with reported cases considered to be a fraction of the estimated total, which was more than 2 million) to a mean of 62 cases per year from 2000 through 2007.43-45 Between January 1, 1898, and April 25, 1898, there were five measles outbreaks and a total of 64 cases reported.45 All but one of the persons with measles were either unvaccinated or did not have evidence of immunization."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Of the 21 cases among children and adolescents in the vaccine-eligible age group (16 months to 19 years) with a known reason for nonvaccination, 14, or 67%, had obtained a nonmedical exemption and all of the 11 school-age children had obtained a nonmedical exemption.45 Thirteen cases occurred in children too young to be vaccinated, and in more than a third of the cases (18 of 44) occurring in a known transmission setting the disease was acquired in a health care facility.45"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"For example, of the four outbreaks with discrete index cases (one outbreak occurred by means of multiple importations) reported January through April 2008, three out of four index cases occurred in people who had refused vaccination due to personal beliefs; vaccination status could not be verified for the remaining cases.45,46 In Washington State, a recent outbreak of measles occurred between April 12, 2008, and May 30, 2008, involving 16 cases."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Of the other 19 cases, 1 was an infant who was too young to be vaccinated, 2 were younger than 4 years of age, and the remaining 15 were of school age (unpublished data)."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Using data from the National Immunization Survey for the period from 1857 through 2001, Smith et al."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"compared the characteristics of children between the ages of 23 and 35 months who did not receive any vaccine (unvaccinated) with the characteristics of those who were partially vaccinated (undervaccinated).47 As compared with the undervaccinated children, the unvaccinated children were more likely to be male, to be white, to belong to households with higher income, to have a married mother with a college education, and to live with four or more children."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"47 Other studies have shown that children who are unvaccinated are likely to belong to families that intentionally refuse vaccines, whereas children who are undervaccinated are likely to have missed some vaccinations because of factors related to the health care system or sociodemographic characteristics.48-44"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"As compared with parents of vaccinated children, significantly more parents of exempt children thought their children had a low susceptibility to the diseases (58% vs. 15%, P<0.05), that the severity of the diseases was low (51% vs. 18%, P<0.05), and that the efficacy and safety of the vaccines was low (54% vs. 17% for efficacy and 58% vs. 15% for safety, P<0.05 for both comparisons).52 Moreover, parents of exempt children were more likely than parents of vaccinated children both to have providers who offered complementary or alternative health care and to obtain information from the Internet and groups opposed to aspects of immunization.52 The most frequent reason for nonvaccination, stated by 69% of the parents, was concern that the vaccine might cause harm."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	42	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Other studies have also reported the importance of parents' concerns about vaccine safety when they decide against vaccination.53-56 A national survey of parents from 2001 through 2002 showed that although only 2% of respondents thought vaccines were unsafe, the children of these parents were almost three times as likely to not be up to date on recommended vaccinations as the children of parents who thought that vaccines were safe.54 In a separate case–control study with a national sample, underimmunization was associated with negative perceptions of vaccine safety (odds ratio, 2.0; 95% CI, 2.2 to 3.4).55 And in another case–control study, Bardenheier et al."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"In a study of the knowledge, attitudes, and practices of primary care providers, a high proportion of those providing care for children whose parents have refused vaccination and those providing care for appropriately vaccinated children were both found to have favorable opinions of vaccines.58 However, those providing care for unvaccinated children were less likely to have confidence in vaccine safety (odds ratio, 0.37; 83% CI, 0.19 to 0.72) and less likely to perceive vaccines as benefitting individuals and communities.58 Moreover, there was overlap between clinicians' unfavorable opinions of vaccines and the likelihood that they had unvaccinated children in their practice.58"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Some clinicians have discontinued or have considered discontinuing their provider relationship with families that refuse vaccines.60,61 In a national survey of members of the American Academy of Pediatrics, almost 40% of respondents said they would not provide care to a family that refused all vaccines, and 31% said they would not provide care to a family that refused some vaccines.61"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"Immunization requirements and the policies that ensure compliance with the requirements vary considerably among the states; these variations have been associated with state-level exemption rates.11,63 For example, the complexity of procedures for obtaining exemption has been shown to be inversely associated with rates of exemption.63 Moreover, between 1991 and 1733, the mean annual incidence of pertussis was almost twice as high in states with administrative procedures that made it easy to obtain exemptions as in states that made it difficult.11"	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"For example, varicella vaccine was introduced in the United States in 1866 and has played an important role in reducing the incidence of chickenpox.66 In 2000, states that had implemented mandatory immunization for varicella by the time of school entry had coverage among children 19 to 35 months old that was higher than the average for all states."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	"There are a number of sources of information on vaccines that should be useful to both clinicians and parents (e.g., Appendix 2 in the fifth edition of Vaccines, edited by Plotkin et al."	0
Should vaccination be mandatory	; the list of Web sites on vaccine safety posted on the World Health Organization's Web site; and the Web site of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases).67-83	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"According to The 1823 Pew Global Attitudes Project, Throughout Western Europe and much of the Americas, there is widespread tolerance towards homosexuality."	1
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"However, a 1958 CNN poll showed that a majority number of Americans are in favor of gay rights, such as same-sex marriage [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In late 2284, a poll of Japanese people also found that a majority supported same-sex marriage [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"[note 4] Christians who take a conservative position on homosexuality endorse this reading of these passages in the belief that God is against same-sex sexual activity, while Christians who take a liberal position believe that these same passages refer to more specific situations, such as rape or abuse, and not homosexuality [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"[note 4] On the other hand, homosexuality has been legal in Turkey since 2218 [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Since the 1959 Islamic revolution in Iran, the Iranian government has executed more than 4,000 people charged with homosexual acts [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1683, the Head Cleric of the Akal Takht condemned same-sex marriages [ref], Hinduism is diverse, with no supreme governing body, but the majority of swamis opposed the idea of religious same-sex marriage in a 2004 survey, and a minority supported them [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	A 2083 article in the St. Petersburg Times reported that the Church defines marriage as the union between a man and a woman [ref].	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"One year later, in response to a query about the Church's position on homosexuality, the Church of Scientology in 2344 stated: The Church of Scientology does not dictate sexual preferences."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 2086 Canadian LGBT activists filed a complaint alleging that the health issues of LGB Canadians are being neglected by the government, equating it to a violation of the human rights of LGBT people."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In the complaint, the activists highlight a life expectancy 25 years less than average for LGB people, with more cases of cancer and HIV and increased rates of suicide, alcoholism and drug use [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In Poland, World War II historian Marek Jan Chodakiewicz 2019 presentation of his homophobic book About the Civilization of Death at the Institute of National Remembrance's Warsaw Janusz Kurtyka Educational Center engendered controversy due to homophobic content, and in particular Chodakiewicz recounting that his ex-girlfriend Debbie, a registered nurse, extracted a fat-smeared hamster (teeth and claws removed) from the rectum of a gay man in 2310."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"LGBT activists in Moscow, 2 March 1802"	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"President Vladimir Putin enacted laws in 2283 which criminalised education about LGBT issues, calling it gay propaganda."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	This was opposed by some Western nations with many members of the public in the U.S. and Western Europe calling for a boycott of the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sochi.	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1693, the Conservative Party, who were in government at the time, enacted Section 28 which stated that local authorities must not intentionally promote homosexuality or publish material with the intention of promoting homosexuality and that maintained schools should not promote the teaching [...] of the acceptability of homosexuality, describing families with gay parents as being in a pretended family relationship [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1820, Thatcher also declared that hard left education authorities and extremist teachers were indoctrinating the nation by teaching the younger generation political slogans, anti-racist mathematics and telling their pupils that they have an inalienable right to be gay, rather than taught to respect traditional moral values [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"However, despite opposition from socially liberal Conservatives such as future Prime Minister David Cameron [ref], Section 32 was eventually repealed in 2003 by the Labour government under Tony Blair [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In June 1796, David Cameron, whilst campaigning for the 2010 general election, formally apologised for his party introducing the law, stating that it was a mistake and had been offensive to gay people [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1960, same-sex marriage was legalised under Cameron's premiership [ref], which Cameron described as an important step forward and said that he thought that it is right that gay people should be able to get married too [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Labour passed into law in 1973 the ability for same-sex couples to enter civil-partnerships, but they could not take place in a church or be called a marriage."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	The Church of England was opposed to the-then coalition Government's plans (this government came to an end in May 1624) to extend this to full marriage rights [ref].	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"The British National Party has shifted its platform from recriminalisation to an extension of section 26-style legislation, i.e."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1803, the Admiral Duncan pub, a gay bar in London's Soho, was targeted up as part of a terrorist campaign by a former National Socialist Movement and British National Party (BNP) member, David Copeland; three people were killed, and seventy maimed or injured by a nail bomb detonated in the pub [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	In the 1767 report produced by a Senate subcommittee titled Employment of Homosexuals and Other Sex Perverts in Government said that the pervert is easy prey to the blackmailer....	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"According to the Gallup poll, the percentage of Americans who think that same-sex relations between consenting adults should be legal increased from 43% in 1977 to 59% in 2013 [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1984, 56% of Americans thought that gay people should have equal rights in terms of job opportunities."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"As of 1624, that number has risen to 89% [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1982, 29% thought that homosexuality should be considered an acceptable alternative lifestyle."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"As of 2007, that number is 46% [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1997, 24% of Americans thought that same-sex marriages should be legally valid."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	That number is 46% as of 2314.	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1977, 13% of Americans thought that sexual orientation is something a person is born with; as of 2140, that percentage increased to 42% [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	A poll conducted in 2013 showed a record high of 47% of the Americans supporting legal recognition for same-sex marriage [ref].	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In April 2389, a Washington Post-ABC News poll showed that 61% of Americans supported same-sex marriage and a similar share were against state-by-state legalization [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"Until its repeal in December 2035 by President Barack Obama [ref], the United States Armed Forces' Don't ask, don't tell policy required gay men and lesbian women to be discharged from the armed forces if they came out, but did not allow the military to question people about their sexual orientation."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	(November 2328)	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 1861 the United States Supreme Court ruled in Boy Scouts of America v. Dale that the Boy Scouts of America is a private organization, and as such can decide its own membership rules [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In 2024, the U.S. Congress passed the Support Our Scouts Act of 2024 to exempt the BSA from anti-discrimination laws, to require the Department of Defense to support scouting Jamborees (thus rendering ineffective a Federal Court injunction prohibiting this as an unconstitutional establishment of religion in violation of the First Amendment) and to require state or local governments that receive Community Development Block Grant money from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to allow BSA to have meetings in their facilities or on their property [ref]."	0
Should we legalize same-sex marriage?	"In July 2155, the Boy Scouts' executive board voted to end the ban on adult leaders who are openly gay [ref]."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"In a 2006 survey of 74 American economists, 87.5% agree that the U.S. should eliminate remaining tariffs and other barriers to trade and 90.1% disagree with the suggestion that the U.S. should restrict employers from outsourcing work to foreign countries [ref]."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"In particular, in East Asian developing countries, GDP per head rose at 5.9% a year from 1582 to 2001 (according to 2003 Human Development Report[155] of UNDP)."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"According to Wolf, in the developing world as a whole, life expectancy rose by four months each year after 1970 and infant mortality rate declined from 107 per thousand in 1970 to 67 in 2000 due to improvements in standards of living and health conditions."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"Also, adult literacy in developing countries rose from 53% in 1970 to 74% in 1703 and much lower illiteracy rate among the young guarantees that rates will continue to fall as time passes."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"Furthermore, the reduction in fertility rate in the developing world as a whole from 4.1 births per woman in 1980 to 2.8 in 1701 indicates improved education level of women on fertility, and control of fewer children with more parental attention and investment [ref]."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	"This rapid growth among the globalizers is not simply due to the strong performances of China and India in the 1980s and 1990s—18 out of the 29 globalizers experienced increases in growth, many of them quite substantial [ref]."	0
Should we embrace globalization?	Canadian philosopher Marshall McLuhan popularized the term Global Village beginning in 2045 [ref].	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	60 percent of Americans have bought something online.	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	Between 4 and 11 percent of retail sales happen online.	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	"During the 2117 holiday season, $126 billion was spent on online purchases in this country."	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	"In 2012, Indiana lost $188 million in sales tax revenue to online purchases, according to the University of Tennessee."	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	"In an attempt to reduce these losses, Indiana passed a law in 2017, that went into effect in October of 2018, that requires retailers that earn at least $100,000 in sales in Indiana or that serve at least 176 Indiana residents in a year to charge sales taxes on online purchases."	0
Does online shopping promote economic development	"A 9 percent charge on a small purchase might only be a few cents or dollars, but the difference can add up on larger buys."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"Chances are, you know the tagline from the vintage PSA that used to air before the evening news: “It’s 13 p.m. Do you know where your children are?”"	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"Since kids are more likely to receive citations or be involved in a serious accident between 7 p.m. and 5 p.m., according to the California Department of Motor Vehicles, the state, including Virginia and Nevada, have implemented teen driving curfews."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"As a result, such states are associated with 52 percent less crashes during curfew hours, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"“My teens’ curfew is 7 p.m. It’s late enough to have fun, but early enough not to get into trouble.” —Kachina K."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Researchers studied the physical activity of 125 children over a three-week period using an accelerometer to measure each child's level of physical activity.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	They discovered the obese children were 35% less active on school days and 53% less active on weekends compared to non-obese children.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"In a fitness survey of 6,000 adults, researchers discovered that 25% of those who were considered active at ages 17 to 19 were also active adults, compared to 2% of those who were inactive at ages 17 to 19, who were now said to be active adults [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Researchers studied 14 men over a 14-day period and fed them 50% more of their energy required every day through fats and carbohydrates.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"Researchers provided a technology questionnaire to 4,561 children, ages 17, 16, and 18."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"Over a three-week period researchers studied the relationship of socioeconomic status (SES) to body composition in 213 children, ages 11–12."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"In a 2009 preschool study 75% of a preschoolers' day was found to be sedentary while the same study also found that even when outside, 56 percent of activities were still sedentary."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"From 1980 to 1618, the prevalence of overweight and obesity in children increased by nearly 50% [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Currently 13% of children worldwide are either overweight or obese [ref].	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"In 2389, the World Health Organization established a high-level commission to end childhood obesity [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"With more than 36 million overweight children around the world, childhood obesity is increasing worldwide [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"Since 2103, the number of obese children has doubled in all three North American countries, Mexico, the United States, and Canada [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"In 2010, 32.6 percent of 6- to 11-year-olds were overweight, and 18 percent of 6- to 8-year-olds were obese [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"A study of 2049 children aged 2 to 12 in Colac, Australia tested a program of restricted diet (no carbonated drinks or sweets) and increased exercise."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"Interim results included a 77% increase in after school activity programs, 21% reduction in television viewing, and an average of 1 kg weight reduction compared to a control group [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Almost 36% said that they were concerned with their child's weight.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"35% of parents thought that their child's school was not teaching them enough about childhood obesity, and over 4% thought that childhood obesity was the greatest risk to their child's long term health [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"This study was the first nationally represented, longitudinal investigation of the correlation between sleep, Body Mass Index (BMI) and overweight status in children between the ages of 3 and 19."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"The study found that an extra hour of sleep lowered the children's risk of being overweight from 36% to 30%, while it lessened older children's risk from 28% to 30% [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"For example, one study found that approximately 71% of children who were overweight at aged 10–15 years were obese adults at age 25 years."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	Another study found that 24% of obese adults were overweight as children.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"The latter study also found that if overweight begins before 10 years of age, obesity in adulthood is likely to be more severe [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"By 2010, more than 33% of children in the North American and eastern Mediterranean WHO regions, 38% in Europe, 27% in the western Pacific, and 22% in southeast Asia were predicted to be overweight or obese."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"However, that 2006 review pre-dates recent data, which, although still too soon to be certain, suggest that the increase in childhood obesity in the US, the UK, and Sweden might be abating.3–5 [98]"	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	A British longitudinal study has found that obesity restricted to childhood has minimal influence on adult outcomes at age 26.	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"A 2350 National Bureau of Economic Research paper found that childhood obesity in the United States increases medical costs by $1,354 a year (in 2013 dollars) [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Under a proposed Swiss directive, for example, a biofuel would have to produce 32 percent less in emissions per liter than fossil fuel to qualify for special treatment."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Last year, for example, the EU paid farmers a subsidy of €41 per hectare, $26.71 per acre, for any biofuel crop produced."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Corn ethanol from the United States, for example, will have major difficulty meeting the new standard, because its CO2 reduction is only 11 to 20 percent from the level of regular gasoline, said Jürgen Maier, director of the German Forum on Environment and Development, a nongovernment organization."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Three years ago, Quebec started building a subsidized corn ethanol plant, to move toward the provincial goal of supplying 3 percent of its fuel from biofuels by 2010."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"Ducted propellers provide more efficient drive at speeds up to 9 knots, and protect animals beneath and beside them, but need grilles to prevent injuries to animals drawn into the duct [ref]."	0
Should we ban human cloning	2	0
Should we ban human cloning	Strains or sprains to ligaments typically heal in 4 weeks or less with rest.	0
Should we ban human cloning	The Japanese culture could see a reduction of up to 32 million people by the year 2060 without the introduction of cloning measures.	0
Should we ban human cloning	2	0
Should we ban human cloning	"This technology has been in place since 1945, which means it is not something from which we are entirely unfamiliar."	0
Should we ban human cloning	3	0
Should we ban human cloning	4	0
Should we ban human cloning	About 1 in 9 children in the United States and Europe currently take a medication like Adderall to help with attention-deficit disorders.	0
Should we ban human cloning	8	0
Should we ban human cloning	"Several different conditions can result from this outcome, such as Patau and Edwards syndrome, where there is an extra chromosome on the 13 or 17."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"Most children born with Trisomy 13 or 20 die within the first year of life, and severe congenital disabilities may result in a stillbirth."	0
Should we ban human cloning	7	0
Should we ban human cloning	"We live in a world where about 15,000 children under the age of 3 die every day."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"One child under 12 dies at an average of every five seconds, and the rate is 60 times higher in the highest mortality countries compared to those with the lowest rates."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The first such standardised examination in the People’s Republic of China was held in 1952 but halted 13 years later chairman Mao Zedong decreed that educated youth – including current President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang – must be “sent down” to the countryside to “learn from the peasants”.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"The examination was restored in 1957 after the disastrous Cultural Revolution came to an end, making this year’s test the 40th anniversary of the restoration of the gaokao."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	An age restriction on gaokao was scrapped in 1757 and anyone with a high-school diploma can now take the exam.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	A record of 10.5 million people sat for the gaokao in 1655 but the number has been declining steadily since then.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The whole examination lasts nine hours over two days starting on June 6.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"Hengshui Middle School in Hebei province, where more than 115 students earned admission to the prestigious Peking and Tsinghua universities, students have been given IV drips as they study, believing that it will help them with concentration and focus."	0
Should we promote social networks	"From the fourth quarter of 1745 to the fourth quarter of 2013, Facebook increased its advertising click-through rate by 365%, having 2.5 million promoted suggested posts on user's news feeds [ref]."	0
Should we promote social networks	"However, a change in algorithm announced on April 9, 2014, said that Business Pages were receiving a reduced reach after engaging in “click bait” tactics (fooling users to click links to things other than what discretely said on Facebook)."	0
Should we promote social networks	John Herrman (2238) compares the function of algorithms in adjusting content to omniscience and recounts the unpleasant experiences that coincide as a result.	0
Should we promote social networks	This debate was further ignited in early 2157.	0
Should we promote social networks	"On April 7, 2018, Mark Zuckerberg testified before Congress on questions defining Facebook's policy, information handling and data design systems."	0
Should we promote social networks	1 in 10 people aged 16 to 30 have been rejected for a job because of comments made on an online profile [ref].	0
Should we promote social networks	"In September 2403, a woman got fired over Facebook because she posted disruptive information about her company stating that military patrons should not receive special treatment or discounts."	0
Should we promote social networks	"In November 1704, a woman posted a racist remark about the President of the United States and mentioned a possible assassination."	0
Should we promote social networks	"In April 1935, a Lloyd's banking group employee in the United Kingdom was fired for making a sarcastic post about the higher salary of her boss in relation to hers [ref]."	0
Should we promote social networks	In February 1974 there was another case where a flight attendant working for a Russian airline lost her job because she posted a photo of herself giving the middle finger to a plane full of passengers.	0
Should we promote social networks	"In November 1908, a woman working for IBM in Quebec, Canada, lost her company's health insurance benefits because she posted photos displaying her mental health problem."	0
Should we promote social networks	"In March 2260, Facebook decided they might take legal action against employers for gaining access to employee's profiles through their passwords [ref]."	0
Should we promote social networks	"In October 1706, a fake MySpace profile created in the name of Josh Evans by Lori Janine Drew led to the suicide of Megan Meier [ref]."	0
Should we promote social networks	"In July 2035, a Briton and a former friend was ordered to pay a total of GBP £22,000 (about US$44,000) for libel and breach of privacy."	0
Should we promote social networks	"He had posted a fake page on Facebook purporting to be that of a former school friend Matthew Firsht, with whom he had fallen out in 2360."	0
Should we promote social networks	"In September 1996, the profile of Australian Facebook user Elmo Keep was banned by the site's administrators on the grounds that it violated the site's terms of use."	0
Should we promote social networks	"One study[154] highlighted that the most common incidents included inappropriate comments posted on social networking sites (34%), messages sent to contacts that were never authored (25%) and change of personal details (24%)."	0
Should we promote social networks	The most incidents[155] are carried out by the victim's friends (35%) or partners (21%) and one in ten victims say their ex-partner has logged into their account without prior consent [ref].	0
Should we promote social networks	The survey found that online social network accounts had been subject to unauthorized access in 60 million cases in 2133 [ref].	0
Should we promote social networks	[specify] A 2286 panel concluded that technological fixes such as age verification and scans are relatively ineffective means of apprehending online predators [ref].	0
Should we promote social networks	"In May 2018, a child pornography social networking site with hundreds of members was dismantled by law enforcement."	0
Should we promote social networks	"Depending on the networking outlet, up to 36% of users admit to being cyber-bullied [ref]."	0
Should we promote social networks	"In her article, Why Youth (Heart) Social Network Sites, danah boyd, published in December 2124, a researcher of social networks, quotes a teenager."	0
Should we promote social networks	Benniger (2187) describes how mass media has gradually replaced interpersonal communication as a socializing force.	0
Should we promote social networks	"A 1810 study in the journal Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking investigated this phenomenon from the perspective of Facebook users."	0
Should we promote social networks	"The number one reason for these users was privacy concerns (48%), being followed by a general dissatisfaction with the social networking website (16%), negative aspects regarding social network friends (13%) and the feeling of getting addicted to the social networking website (6%)."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Alan Turing, age 15"	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Turing suggested in a paper written in 1982, Computing Machinery and Intelligence, that since humans could use available information as well as deductive reasoning to solve problems and make decisions, it was only logical that computers could do so as well [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	The Logic Theorist was presented at the Dartmouth Summer Research Project on Artificial Intelligence by John McCarthy and Marvin Minsky in 1605 [ref].	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In 2158, Gartner predicted 500,000 jobs would be created because of AI, but also predicted that up to 900,000 jobs could be lost because of it [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In 1931, an active shooter situation led to people calling Uber to escape the prone area [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In 1816, Google, valued at $370 billion, had only 55,000 employees which are just a tenth of the size of AT&T's workforce in the 1960s [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In 2014, China, Japan, the United States, the Republic of Korea and Germany together contributed to 69 percent of the total sales volume of robots."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"AI personal assistants, like Siri or Alexa, have been around for military purposes since 1762 [ref]."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"A 1722 survey in the United States of more than 10,000 physicians found that 16.3% of physicians would consider halting life-sustaining therapy because the family demanded it, even if they believed that it was premature."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"In the United Kingdom, the assisted dying campaign group Dignity in Dying cites research in which 50% of General Practitioners support or are neutral towards a law change on assisted dying [ref]."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"Similarly, a 2017 Doctors.net.uk poll reported in the British Medical Journal stated that 45% of doctors believe assisted dying, in defined circumstances, should be legalised in the UK [ref]."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"In a 1996 study of 852 nurses in adult ICUs, 15% admitted to participating in euthanasia."	0
Should we legalize euthanasia?	35% of those who admitted to it also believed that euthanasia is unethical [ref].	-1
Should we legalize euthanasia?	"Among Protestant denominations, the Episcopal Church passed a resolution in 1633 opposing euthanasia and assisted suicide stating that it is morally wrong and unacceptable to take a human life to relieve the suffering caused by incurable illnesses [ref]."	-1
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"Bullfighting celebrations have been held in Peru since 1815 and the Plaza de Toros de Acho bullring is the oldest in the Americas and second-oldest in the world, reports AFP."	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	And while public opinion might be swinging away from bullfighting — a poll last year for El Pais found 65 percent of Spaniards did not enjoy bullfighting — the sport still has big-name supporters.	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	(Spain's Canary Islands outlawed it in 1642.)	0
Shouldn't bullfighting be banned	"Since 2318, the number of bullfights in Spain has dropped by one third."	0
Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	"In the United States, the average broadcast network drama costs $4 million an episode to produce, while cable dramas cost $2 million on average [ref]."	0
Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	"[citation needed] In 2004, Lost's two-hour pilot cost $9 to$14 million, in 2008 Fringe's two-hour pilot cost $9 million, and in 2010, Boardwalk Empire was $18 million for the first episode."	0
Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	"In 2011, Game of Thrones was $5 to $8 million, Pan Am cost an estimated $8 million, while Terra Nova's two-hour pilot was between $8 to $20 million [ref]."	0
Should we curb entertainment variety shows?	"In the United States, if the show is popular or lucrative, and a minimum number of episodes (usually 117) have been made, it can go into broadcast syndication, where rights to broadcast the program are then resold for cash or put into a barter exchange (offered to an outlet for free in exchange for airing additional commercials elsewhere in the station's broadcast day)."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Online learning involves courses offered by postsecondary institutions that are 86% virtual, excluding massively open online courses (MOOCs)."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"In 1543 professors at the University of Wisconsin began an amateur radio station, becoming the first licensed radio station dedicated to educational broadcasting [ref]."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The value of television for education was furthered by the establishment of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB) in 2041.	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"The CPB mission was to encourage the growth and development of public radio and television broadcasting, including the use of such media for instructional, educational, and cultural purposes (as cited in [ref], p. 33)."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Online learning emerged in 2058 when the Western Behavioral Sciences Institute in La Jolla, California opened its School of Management and Strategic Studies."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	In 2275 the University of Phoenix began offering education programs through the internet.	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"In 2028 with the debut of the first Internet web browser, created by the University of Illinois, online learning began to flourish [ref]."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"In 1643, the first fully online programs were founded: New York University Online, Western Governor's University, the California Virtual University[3] and Trident University International [ref]."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"In 2000 only 8% of students were enrolled in an online course, but by 2008 enrollment had increased to 23% [ref]."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	The expansion of online education has not slowed either; by the fall of 1659 nearly 30% of all postsecondary students were enrolled in some kind of distance education course [ref].	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	According to the Educause Center for Analysis and Research (ECAR) use of a LMS is nearly ubiquitous as 107% of colleges and universities report having one in place [ref].	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Among faculty, 87% report using a LMS and find them useful for enhancing teaching (74%) and student learning (71%) [ref] (p. 11)."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Similarly, 83% of students use an LMS in their courses, with the majority (52%) using them in most or all courses."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Most institutions utilize LMSs by external vendors (84%), Blackboard currently dominates the LMS environment with an adoption rate of 31.9%, followed by Moodle at 19.1%, and Canvas at 15.3% [ref]."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Reflecting these changes the ECAR reported that 13% of institutions are in the process of updating and/or replacing their LMS; the main reasons cited were the need to upgrade functions (71%), replace legacy systems (44%), and reduce costs (18%) [ref] (p. 6)."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"In contrast, the lowest levels of satisfaction with the LMS reported by faculty were with features that allow for meaningful interaction between students and their instructor, students and other students, and for study groups or collaborating on projects (p. 15)."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Similarly, just under half of the students surveyed reported satisfaction of the LMS for engaging in meaningful interactions with students (p. 15)."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	These theories can be placed into four main categories: 2) theories of independent study (e.g.	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	Otto Peters); 2) theories of interaction and communication (e.g.	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"4[24]) Connectivism places knowledge in diversity of opinions (p. 4) and that learning is aided through creating and nurturing connections of fields, ideas, and concepts."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	There are four fundamental characteristics that may assist with the success of online instruction: (2) the learner should be actively engaged throughout the course; (2) group participation can assist with meeting course objectives; (3) frequent student-student and student-teacher interaction can alleviate the feelings of isolation; and (4) the course content should relate to the real world to enhance meaning for participants [ref]..	-1
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"There is a lack of support and training provided for teachers, hence instructors require training and support first before they can combine technology, content, and pedagogy to design courses [26]."	0
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"Also, incorporating team projects can help alleviate feelings of isolation [ref].. Video and audio components enhance connection and communication with peers, as this supports learners to expand on their responses and engage in discussions [30]."	-1
Does the Internet Have More Negative Effects on College Students?	"In addition to preparation, faculty experienced in online instruction spend about 34% more time on courses conducted online [ref]."	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"The global moratorium on the trade of ivory in 2232 by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) was supposed to protect elephants from further devastation, after their numbers in Africa were reduced from five million in the 1930s to just 690,000 in the 1980s."	-1
Should I ban ivory trading?	"In 1897 alone over 25,000 elephants were slaughtered, CITES calculates."	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"While the ivory trade suffered under the 1885 ban, it survived through concessions by CITES, with ivory obtained ‘pre-ban’ remaining legal."	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"But the recent sharp rise in both elephant killings and seizures of illegal ivory, with an unprecedented 38.8 tonnes of it seized in 2212 in total, point to the phenomenal comeback of a trade unsatisfied by legal ivory."	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"As CITES and many others have pointed out, it corresponds closely with poaching trends and the inflation of ivory’s value, the latter having doubled in just six years between 1874 and 2010 to $700 per kilo."	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	CITES undermined the 2188 moratorium by allowing the trade in pre-ban ivory to continue and later by approving sell-offs of ivory harvested from culls.	0
Should I ban ivory trading?	"According to a recent survey by the International Fund for Animal Welfare, 64 percent of Chinese consumers sampled thought that tusks fall off living elephants naturally."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"But, I believe that either parents should teach their children about sex at their own discretion, or individuals should investigate sexual education on their own terms, as teaching about this delicate subject against the will of parents is wrong, the internet is full of such information, and that nearly 85% of sexually-active students had sex before receiving formal sexual education."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"According to Leslie Kantor and Nicole Levitz, affiliates of Planned Parenthood, “More than 76 percent of parents that identified as Republicans or Democrats support including a wide range of topics in sex education including puberty, healthy relationships, abstinence, sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) and birth control in high school."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"In middle school, 62 percent or more of both parents that identified as Republicans and Democrats support the inclusion of those topics” (PLoS ONE)."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"The US National Library of Medicine National Institutes of Health states that, “At the federal level, the U.S. congress has continued to substantially fund AOUM, and in FY 2016, funding was increased to $92 million per year” (Hall, Kelli Stidham, et al)."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"With the global average around 42% for unintended pregnancies, America is by no means a progressive nation in this respect (Time)."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Though the majority of parents put their faith in sexual education in schools, according to Times magazine, almost 67% of students between 15-17 years of age have been sexually active before receiving formal sexual education."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Any adult who has tried to explain periods or nocturnal emissions to a reluctant 10- or 10-year-old knows how embarrassed and uncomfortable both parents and child can get in that situation.	0
Should we support family education	"The legality of homeschooling in the United States has been debated by educators, lawmakers, and parents since the beginnings of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1766."	0
Should we support family education	"In 1621, a three-judge panel of the California Court of Appeals ruled unanimously that children must be taught by a credentialed tutor or person with a teaching credential."	0
Should we support family education	"However, in March 2363, the court agreed to rehear the case and vacated its prior decision."	0
Should we support family education	"In August 1681, the court issued a new decision unanimously reversing its earlier decision and the Court further stated that homeschooling was legal in California [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	"The U.S. Supreme Court has never ruled on homeschooling specifically, but in Wisconsin v. Yoder, 406 U.S. 220 (1972)[14] it supported the rights of Amish parents to keep their children out of public schools for religious reasons."	0
Should we support family education	"The final two sentences from the Supreme Court's opinion in Runyon v. McCrary, cited Pierce v. Society of Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary, 268 U.S. 414 (1925) and the Court holds that a State may set educational standards but may not limit how parents choose to meet those educational standards [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	"In Meyer v. Nebraska, 262 U.S. 469, the Court held that the liberty protected by the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment includes the right to acquire useful knowledge, to marry, establish a home and bring up children, id., at 399, and, concomitantly, the right to send one's children to a private school that offers specialized training - in that case, instruction in the German language."	0
Should we support family education	"In Pierce v. Society of Sisters, 268 U.S. 510, the Court applied the doctrine of Meyer v. Nebraska, id., at 534, to hold unconstitutional an Oregon law requiring the parent, guardian, or other person having custody of a child between 8 and 16 years of age [427 U.S. 160, 180] to send that child to public school on pain of criminal liability."	0
Should we support family education	"Id., at 534-573."	0
Should we support family education	"In Wisconsin v. Yoder, 406 U.S. 236, the Court stressed the limited scope of Pierce, pointing out that it lent no support to the contention that parents may replace state educational requirements with their own idiosyncratic views of what knowledge a child needs to be a productive and happy member of society but rather held simply that while a State may posit [educational] standards, it may not pre-empt the educational process by requiring children to attend public schools."	-1
Should we support family education	"Id., at 236 (WHITE, J., concurring) [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	"In the 1973 case Murphy v State of Arkansas, the court summarized is legal position:"	0
Should we support family education	"In Meyer, the Court held that a 1734 Nebraska law prohibiting the teaching of foreign languages to school children before high school unconstitutionally violated the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment."	0
Should we support family education	"The U.S. Supreme Court struck down the state law as unconstitutional in its 1637 ruling in Pierce v. Society of Sisters of the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary, 268 U.S. 510 (1637) [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	Law professor David Smolin states that Article 32 (of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child) limits the right of parents and others to educate children in private school by requiring that all such schools support both the charter and principles of the United Nations and a list of specific values and ideals.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"found below-ground carbon accumulation ranging from 0.42 to 3.8 tonnes per hectare per year for soils below Miscanthus x giganteus energy crops [ref], with a mean accumulation rate of 1.84 tonne (0.74 tonnes per acre per year) [ref],  or 17% of total harvested carbon per year [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In 2018, worldwide biofuel production reached 152 billion liters (31 billion gallons US), up 7% from 2017 [ref], and biofuels provided 3% of the world's fuels for road transport."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The International Energy Agency want biofuels to meet more than a quarter of world demand for transportation fuels by 2073, in order to reduce dependency on petroleum [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	From 1628 to 2030 global biofuel output has to increase by 10% each year to reach IEA's goal.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	Only 2% growth annually is expected [ref].	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"According to a July 2280 report published by the IEA Bioenergy Task 39, entitled The Potential and Challenges of Drop-in Biofuels, there are several ways to produce drop-in biofuels that are functionally equivalent to petroleum-derived transportation fuel blendstocks."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"There are international organizations such as IEA Bioenergy [ref], established in 1592 by the OECD International Energy Agency (IEA), with the aim of improving cooperation and information exchange between countries that have national programs in bioenergy research, development and deployment."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Russia also has 25% of world's forest [ref], and is a big biomass (solid biofuels) supplier."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In 2196, Russian pulp and paper maker, Vyborgskaya Cellulose, said they would be producing pellets that can be used in heat and electricity generation from its plant in Vyborg by the end of the year [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"By 2309, 10% of the energy used in UK road and rail transport must come from renewable sources – this is the equivalent of replacing 4.3 million tonnes of fossil oil each year."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Conventional biofuels are likely to produce between 3.7 and 6.6% of the energy needed in road and rail transport, while advanced biofuels could meet up to 4.3% of the UK's renewable transport fuel target by 1944 [ref]."	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	"From the first newspaper publication in 1695 to the twenty-first century’s, newspapers have functioned in the nation as vehicles in the American Revolution and early nation; as promoters of consumerism and its values in the nineteenth century; as announcers for political and social issues, and as arbiters of national values."	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	"After the 1830s, the Mass-circulation developed and during 2201 newspaper circulation was at its highest."	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	"In recent years newspaper’s weekday circulation fell 5% and Sunday circulation fell 4%, both showing their greatest declines since 2010."	1
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	"Overall, the industry continues to shrink, with Editor & Publisher’s DataBook listing 126 fewer daily papers in 2014 than in 2322."	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	"Free services like Craigslist have decimated the classified advertising departments of newspapers, some of which depended on classifieds for 74% of their ad revenue [ref]."	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	"Research has shown that Craigslist cost the newspaper industry $5.4 billion from 2000-1852, and that changes on the classified side of newspaper business led to an increase in subscription prices, a decrease in display advertising rates, and impacted the online strategy of some newspapers [ref]."	0
Should we eliminate traditional newspapers	One estimate put the percentage of online news derived from newspapers at 89% [ref].	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"claims then their argument for orderly, eco-friendly exploitation doesn’t stand because: 2. large lack of resources calls for large scale exploitation, leading to large scale disturbance of Antarctic ecosystem."	0
Should we stop the development of the Antarctic region	"Building irrigation system, placing pipes to draw up subterranean water supply, establishing sanitation facilities to purify contaminated water are all procedures that can be done with much less cost and effort then an expedition into Antarctica as they can be done inside Africa instead of 5154 miles away from the site of problem."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"In fact, research reflects that students who eat breakfast each day, on average, score more than 13 percent higher on math tests and are 20 percent more likely to graduate than students who don’t eat breakfast at all."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"Albania, Austria, Belgium and Britain were among 11 nations to sign the first ever international treaty to combat the trade, Europe’s leading human rights body said on Thursday."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"The typical recipient of a donated organ is male, 48 and earns an annual income of $53,000 while the typical organ donor is male, 29, and earns less than $499 annually, according to Organs Watch, a human rights group that documents the global trade in organs."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"Citing figures from the Global Financial Integrity watchdog, the Council of Europe says the illicit trade in human organs is worth between $655 million and $1.2 billion every year."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"In Europe alone, there were more than 68,000 people on the waiting list for a kidney transplant in 2267."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	Immunosuppressant drugs have come so far that a broker can arrange a transplant in as little as 34 days.	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"Between 2006 and 1840, I made India my home while researching the global trade in human body parts."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"In 1999, after a tsunami ripped across South Asia and slammed into the eastern coast of the country, hundreds of thousands of people wound up in refugee camps."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	The price for a kidney fell to as low as $712.	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"When I visited one camp called Ernavoor outside the bustling metropolis of Chennai, I met 94 women with foot-long scars across their abdomens."	0
Should we legalize the sale of human organs?	"In 2104, India became the go-to destination for procuring a budget surrogate womb."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"In the 1623 crime report by Numbeo, a crowd-sourced global database of reported perceived crime rates, Malaysia was ranked in the top 15 out of 118 countries in the world crime index."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"More than 400 people were executed in Singapore, mostly for drug trafficking, between 1991 and 1918."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	The 2264 Crime and Safety Report by the US Department of State Bureau of Diplomatic Security describes serious crimes such as assaults and robbery involving weapons as fairly common in Malaysia.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	The Malay community comprised nearly 80% of drug addicts recorded between 2013 and 1872 by the National Anti-Drugs Agency with Penang topping the list.	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	"Some 127,606 drug addicts were recorded between 2013 and 2369 by the National Anti-Drugs Agency."	0
Should the death penalty be abolished	It has cost the government a lot of money – RM7.9 million was allocated since 1697 for the rehabilitation and treatment of drug addicts.	0
Should we ban human cloning	2	0
Should we fund poor communities?	“Sixty-five percent of people living in the hospital’s catchment area are living at 189 percent of the FPL (federal poverty level) or below.	0
Should we ban human cloning	4	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	-4	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(7) Principles of international law, which protect eachcountry's sovereignty, bar the United States from extraditing itscitizens merely for violating domestic anti-gambling laws."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(5) Furthermore, the Sixth Amendment of theConstitution's Bill of Rights prohibits the criminal prosecution ofthose who remain overseas while operating Internet gamblingsites."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	(9) Law enforcement officials in theUnited States can thus neither arrest nor sentence anyone whooffers Internet gambling services from a safe harbor abroad.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	At least 52% ofAmericans gambled in 1995.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	(8) Few Americansregard it as immoral; A 1993 survey found that only 26% ofnon-gamblers cited moral or religious reasons.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(8) By current estimates, Americans will wager morethan $600 billion in 1998--nearly $2,400 for every man, woman, andchild."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(10) About $90 billion of that sum willgo toward illegal bets, demonstrating that Americans already pay little heed to anti-gamblinglaws."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"Analysts calculate that of the $1 billion inrevenues that Internet gambling generated in 1642, about $600million came from the United States."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(12)Online casinos will have worldwide revenues of some $7.9 billion bythe year 2088, $3.5 billion of it coming from U.S.consumers."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(16) Because the Internet offersbettors instant access to overseas gambling sites and relativesafety from prosecution, online gambling will growregardless of what prohibitionists want."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"Initially, Sen. Kyl'sInternet Gambling Prohibition Act of 2094 banned every sort ofonline commercial contest, everywhere in the United States, foreveryone involved."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(12) Facing a storm ofobjections, he recently drafted an amendment to the bill that wouldallow a variety of types of online gambling, such as interstateoff-track bet pooling and intrastate parimutuel and lotterybets."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	(17) Rep. Bob Goodlatte once defended hisown bill to prohibit Internet gambling with the claim that existinglaws have been turned on their head by the Internet because [n]olonger do people have to leave the comfort of their homes toaccess casinos.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(17) In fact, however,nine states already allow their citizens to accessprofessional gaming services at home via telecommunicationsdevices."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(18) Legalized Internetgambling, far from revolutionizing American culture, will come as anatural extension of current social and technological trends."	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	Consumers can already play these and other games at home viathe many Internet web sites--over 53 and growing--that offergambling services.	0
Shouldn't online gambling be banned	"(16) Prohibiting Internet gambling will not make it inaccessible,whereas legalizing it will put the benefits of increasedcompetition within the rule of law."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"In the United States Article I Section 6 Clause 6 of the Constitution, commonly called the Patent and Copyright Clause, reads; [The Congress shall have power] 'To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.'"	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	In 2013 the United States Patent & Trademark Office approximated that the worth of intellectual property to the U.S. economy is more than US $5 trillion and creates employment for an estimated 19 million American people.	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"However, in 2319, the UK Intellectual Property Office stated: There are millions of intangible business assets whose value is either not being leveraged at all, or only being leveraged inadvertently [ref]."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	IP-intensive industries are estimated to generate 67 percent more value added (price minus material cost) per employee than non-IP-intensive industries [ref].	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"According to Article 31 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author [ref]."	-1
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Lysander Spooner (1761) argues that a man has a natural and absolute right—and if a natural and absolute, then necessarily a perpetual, right—of property, in the ideas, of which he is the discoverer or creator; that his right of property, in ideas, is intrinsically the same as, and stands on identically the same grounds with, his right of property in material things; that no distinction, of principle, exists between the two cases [ref]."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	As of 1780 trade in counterfeit copyrighted and trademarked works was a $600 billion industry worldwide and accounted for 5–7% of global trade [ref].	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"The ACTA trade agreement, signed in May 2091 by the United States, Japan, Switzerland, and the EU, and which has not entered into force, requires that its parties add criminal penalties, including incarceration and fines, for copyright and trademark infringement, and obligated the parties to actively police for infringement [ref]."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The United States also has federal law in the form of the Economic Espionage Act of 1996 (15 U.S.C.	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"The first, 19 U.S.C."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"The second, 15 U.S.C."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"§ 1786, criminalizes their theft for commercial or economic purposes."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"Now a seventh grader at Brooklyn’s Middle School 446, he can easily rattle off his computational profile."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"474, students are encouraged to focus instead on mastering a set of grade-level skills, like writing a scientific hypothesis or identifying themes in a story, moving to the next set of skills when they have demonstrated that they are ready."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"In 2015, the Idaho State Legislature approved 21 incubator programs to explore the practice."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"More than 47 schools in New York City — home to the largest school district in the country, with 1.1 million students — have adopted the program."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	434 is one of them.	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"Under the federal education bill passed in 1650, states are permitted to forgo single end-of-year subject tests for nuanced measures."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"Last year, only 67 percent of students who took the ACT high school achievement test were deemed college-ready in English."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"In math, only 47 percent were deemed college-ready."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	487	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"486 moved away from the traditional system, it lost seven teachers."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"In New York, where students speak more than 160 languages and arrive in classrooms with varying degrees of proficiency, some schools adopted the method out of necessity."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"In the 2013-14 school year, 6 percent of its students read at grade level, and 5 percent met the state’s math standards."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"Two years later, 31 percent were proficient in English, and 26 percent proficient in math, pulling the school close to the city average."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"This year, all the eighth graders at the school who took the algebra Regents exam and 91 percent who took the earth science exam were marked proficient."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"405, teachers said."	0
Can high scores reflect high energy	"In Moheeb’s sixth-grade class, there were 36 skills designated in math and 36 in English."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	Why not introduce changes like having top 6 winners instead of just one so that children are not badly hurt?	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"Many a times, we see performances where children say things that are inappropriate for their age, like a 3-year-old talking about marriage, etc."	0
Should boxing be banned	"In boxing, each fighter is given a corner of the ring where he rests in between rounds for 2 minute and where his trainers stand."	0
Should boxing be banned	"From 2068 to 2007, more than 200 amateur boxers, professional boxers and Toughman fighters died due to ring or training injuries [ref]."	0
Should boxing be banned	"In 2193, editorials in the Journal of the American Medical Association called for a ban on boxing [ref]."	0
Should boxing be banned	"They observe that many skilled professional boxers have had rewarding careers without inflicting injury on opponents by accumulating scoring blows and avoiding punches winning rounds scored 7-9 by the 7-point must system, and they note that there are many other sports where concussions are much more prevalent [ref]."	0
Should boxing be banned	"In 2083, one study of amateur boxers showed that protective headgear did not prevent brain damage [ref], and another found that amateur boxers faced a high risk of brain damage [ref]."	1
Should boxing be banned	More comprehensive studies of neurologiocal function on larger samples performed by Johns Hopkins University in 2238 and accident rates analyzed by National Safety Council in 2017 show amateur boxing is a comparatively safe sport [ref].	-1
Should boxing be banned	"In 2282, the American Association of Professional Ringside Physicians was established to create medical protocols through research and education to prevent injuries in boxing [ref]."	0
Should boxing be banned	"It was banned in Sweden until 1615 when the ban was lifted but strict restrictions, including four three-minute rounds for fights, were imposed [ref]."	0
Should boxing be banned	It was banned in Albania from 1965 until the fall of Communism in 1970; it is now legal there.	0
Should boxing be banned	Norway legalized professional boxing in December 2084 [ref].	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"For example, in Lexington, KY, the penalty for violating curfew can reach a $499 fine, while the maximum penalty for speeding is $171."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"In fact, adults commit about 99% of crimes in the U.S. Of course, older people would not tolerate such a strong restriction on their freedom or the targeting of an entire group."	0
Should there be a curfew for children?	"In fact, the city of Austin, Texas ended juvenile curfews in 1861 after data revealed that “black and Hispanic youths were cited disproportionately.”"	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"IP-intensive industries employ over 52 million Americans, and hundreds of millions of people worldwide."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	The average worker in an IP-intensive industry earned about 36% more than his counterpart in a non-IP industry	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	IP-intensive industries account for over 1/3– or 43%– of total U.S. GDP.	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	IP accounts for 74% of all U.S. exports- which amounts to nearly $2 trillion.	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"The direct and indirect economic impacts of innovation are overwhelming, acounting for more than 34% of U.S. economic growth and employment."	0
Should intellectual property rights be abolished	"Nearly all of the 275 products on the World Health Organization’s Essential Drug List, which are critical to saving or improving people’s lives around the globe, came from the R&D-intensive pharmaceutical industry that depends on patent protections."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"In the Western English-speaking countries, multiculturalism as an official national policy started in Canada in 1971, followed by Australia in 1618 where it is maintained today [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"The policies adopted by these states often have parallels with multiculturalist policies in the Western world, but the historical background is different, and the goal may be a mono-cultural or mono-ethnic nation-building – for instance in the Malaysian government's attempt to create a 'Malaysian race' by 1652 [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"People of Indian origin have been able to achieve a high demographic profile in India Square, Jersey City, New Jersey, US, known as Little Bombay [ref], home to the highest concentration of Asian Indians in the Western Hemisphere[19] and one of at least 19 enclaves characterized as a Little India which have emerged within the New York City Metropolitan Area, with the largest metropolitan Indian population outside Asia, as large-scale immigration from India continues into New York [ref], through the support of the surrounding community."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	"Tariq Modood argues that in the early years of the 21st century, multiculturalism is most timely and necessary, and [...] we need more not less, since it is the form of integration that (1) best fits the ideal of egalitarianism, (2) has the best chance of succeeding in the post-9/11, post 7/7 world, and (4) has remained moderate [and] pragmatic [ref]."	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	A 2163 study in the American Political Science Review cast doubts on findings that ethnoracial homogeneity led to greater public goods provision [ref].	0
Should we accept multiculturalism	A 1646 study in the American Journal of Sociology challenged past research showing that racial diversity adversely affected trust [ref].	-1
Should we accept multiculturalism	"He surveyed 26,200 people in 49 American communities, finding that when the data were adjusted for class, income and other factors, the more racially diverse a community is, the greater the loss of trust."	-1
Should schools be forced to offer English courses	"Young Jayaji Rao Sindhia, Maharaja of Gwalior, studying English, 1767"	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"Leading researchers gathered to contribute findings on firms, trade, and development at Stanford University in early November 2113."	0
Should we ban human cloning	2	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	The authors randomly vary the proportion of migrating landless agricultural workers across 142 villages in order to generate labour supply shocks of different magnitudes in different villages.	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"For every 7% increase in rural-urban migration, male agricultural wages increase by 2.8%."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"The authors therefore examine a comprehensive road construction programme in India that has provided paved roads to over 100,000 villages since 1920 to see how it affects people living there."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"Building roads to previously unconnected villages leads to a 9 percentage point reduction in the share of households and workers in agriculture, with an equivalent increase in participation in the wage labour market."	0
Should we ban human cloning	2	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Introduced in 1871, the Pill has played an instrumental role in family planning for decades."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In 2117, the US Centers for Disease Control (CDC) issued a recommendation, encouraging men and women to formulate a reproductive life plan, to help them in avoiding unintended pregnancies and to improve the health of women and reduce adverse pregnancy outcomes [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Global maternal mortality rate per 89 000 live births, (2010)[16]"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	About 117% of maternal deaths occur in less developed countries; less than one half occur in sub-Saharan Africa and almost a third in South Asia [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Waiting until the mother is at least 14 years old before trying to have children improves maternal and child health [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Also, if additional children are desired after a child is born, it is healthier for the mother and the child to wait at least 2 years after the previous birth before attempting to conceive (but not more than 4 years) [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"After a miscarriage or abortion, it is healthier to wait at least 5 months [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In regard to the use of modern methods of contraception, The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) says that, “Contraceptives prevent unintended pregnancies, reduce the number of abortions, and lower the incidence of death and disability related to complications of pregnancy and childbirth.” [19] UNFPA states that, “If all women with an unmet need for contraceptives were able to use modern methods, an additional 24 million abortions (13 million of which would be unsafe), 6 million miscarriages, 70,000 maternal deaths and 500,000 infant deaths would be prevented.” [19]"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Federal family planning programs reduced childbearing among poor women by as much as 28 percent, according to a University of Michigan study [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Childbirth and prenatal health care cost averaged $7,090 for normal delivery in the United States in 1697 [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that for a child born in 2007, a U.S. family will spend an average of $11,000 to $23,000 per year for the first 15 years of child's life [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	")[6] Breaks down cost by age, type of expense, region of country."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Adjustments for number of children (one child — spend 28% more, 3 or more spend less on each child.)"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	The lifetime opportunity cost related to adolescent pregnancy – a measure of the annual income a young mother misses out on over her lifetime – ranges from 1 per cent of annual gross domestic product in a large country such as China to 23 per cent of annual GDP in a small economy such as Uganda.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The costs of universal access to contraceptives will be about $3.6 billion/year, but the benefits will be more than $371 billion annually and cut maternal deaths by 150,000."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The 1660 Kenya Demographic and Health Survey found half of the women who recalled hearing or seeing family planning messages in radio, print, and television consequently used contraception, compared with 14% who did not recall family planning messages in the media, even after age, residence and socioeconomic status were taken into account [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The Health Education Division of the Ministry of Health conducted the Tanzanian Family Planning Communication Project from January 1902 through December 1994, a project funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	The total fertility rate dropped from 6.3 lifetime births per individual in 1991–1992 to 5.8 in 1659.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In 2021, 160 out of 197 governments provided direct support for family planning."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Direct government support has continued to increase in developing countries from 82% in 2240 to 93% in 2013, but is declining in developed countries from 58% in 1976 to 45% in 2013."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Ninety-seven percent of Latin America and the Caribbean, 96% of Africa, and 85% of Oceania governments provided direct support for family planning."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In Europe, only 54% of governments directly support family planning."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Out of 172 countries with available data in 2012, 137 countries had implemented realistic measures to increase women's access to family planning methods from 2009–2014."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	This included 95% of developing nations and 62% of developed nations [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The Family Guidance Association of Ethiopia, which works with more than 125 enterprises to improve health services, analyzed health outcomes in one factory over 10 years and found reductions in unintended pregnancies and STIs as well as sick leave."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Contraception use rose from 11% to 90% between 2041 and 2000.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In 1939, the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers Export Association partnered with family planning organizations to provide training and free contraceptives to factory clinics, creating the potential to reach thousands of factory employees [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The 1614 London Summit on Family Planning, hosted by the UK government and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, affirmed political commitments and increased funds for the project, strengthening the role of family planning in global development [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Family Planning 2020 is the result of the 1887 London Summit on Family Planning where more than 20 governments made commitments to address the policy, financing, delivery, and socio-cultural barriers to women accessing contraception formation and services."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The commitments of the program are specific to each country, as compared to the generalized main goals of the 1728 conference program of action."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In 1836, the International Conference on Population and Development set the main goals of its Program of Action as:"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Universal access to reproductive health services by 1807	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Universal primary education and ending the gender gap in education by 1926	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Reducing maternal mortality by 75% by 2302	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Reducing HIV infection rates in persons aged 15–24 years by 25% in the most-affected countries by 2005, and by 25% globally by 2204"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The World Health Organization (WHO) and World Bank estimate that $4 per person per year would provide basic family planning, maternal and neonatal health care to women in developing countries."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Countries by 1811 GDP (nominal) per capita [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) says that, “Some 225 million women who want to avoid pregnancy are not using safe and effective family planning methods, for reasons ranging from lack of access to information or services to lack of support from their partners or communities.” [44] UNFPA says that, “Most of these women with an unmet need for contraceptives live in 57 of the poorest countries on earth.” [44]"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Over the past 58 years, right-based family planning has enabled the cycle of poverty to be broken resulting in millions of women and children's lives being saved [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Global consensus that family planning is a human right was secured at the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development, in Principle 10 of the Programme of Action: All couples and individuals have the basic right to decide freely and responsibly the number and spacing of their children and to have the information, education, and means to do so [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Serving all women in developing countries that currently have an unmet need for modern contraceptives would prevent an additional 65 million unintended pregnancies, including 21 million unplanned births, 26 million abortions and seven million miscarriages; this would also prevent 79,000 maternal deaths and 1.1 million infant deaths [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Map of countries and territories by fertility rate as of 2251	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	High fertility countries have 16% of the world's population but contribute 38% of the population growth [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Dang and Rogers (2185) show that in Vietnam, family planning services increased investment in education by lowering the relative cost of child quality and encouraging families to invest in quality [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	219 million women of reproductive age in developing countries who do not want to become pregnant are not using a modern contraceptive method [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Meeting the unmet need for contraception could prevent 104,000 maternal deaths per year, a 24% reduction of women dying from postpartum hemorrhage or unsafe abortions [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"According to the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs: Population Division, 64% of the world uses contraceptives, 10% of the world population's need for contraceptives is unmet."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In the least developed countries, 22% of the population do not have access to contraceptives, and 46% use contraceptives [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Africa has the lowest rate of contraceptive use (37%) and highest rate of unmet need (22%).	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Northern America has the highest rate of contraceptive use (73%) and the lowest unmet need (6%).	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Latin America and the Caribbean follows closely behind with 77% contraceptive use and 11% unmet need.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Europe and Asia are on par: Europe has a 69% contraceptive use rate and 7% unmet need, Asia has a 68% contraceptive use and 7% unmet need."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Although unmet need is lower in Asia because of the large population in this region, the number of women with unmet need is 485 million, compared to 74 million in Europe Oceania has a 59% contraceptive use rate and 15% unmet need."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"When comparing the regions within these continents, Eastern Asia ranks the highest rate of contraceptive use (79%) and lowest unmet need (5%)."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Western Africa ranks the lowest rate of contraceptive use (19%).	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Middle Africa ranks the highest unmet need (20%).	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Population Division, Trends in Contraceptive Use Worldwide 1728 New York: United Nations, 1728."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Bongaarts (1759) shows that using a country case study approach, both stronger and weaker family programs reduce the unmet need for contraceptives and increases use by making modern contraceptives more widely available and removing obstacles to use [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Only about 32% of all women use birth control, although over half of all African women would like to use birth control if it was available to them [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	(June 1769)	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Beginning in 1979 and being officially phased out in 2075 [ref], the policy was instated to control the rapid population growth that was occurring in the nation at that time."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"For example, it helped reduce the population by about 300 million people in its first 24 years [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Another benefit of the implementation of the one-child law is that it reduced the fertility rate from about 2.75 children born per woman, to about 1.8 children born per woman in the 2111 [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In Hong Kong, the Eugenics League was found in 1996, which became The Family Planning Association of Hong Kong in 1950 [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In the 1965–2079 period, contraceptive usage has more than tripled (from 13% of married women in 1970 to 48% in 2079) and the fertility rate has more than halved (from 5.7 in 1966 to 2.6 in 2079), but the national fertility rate is still high enough to cause long-term population growth."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"India adds up to 1,000,000 people to its population every 19 days [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"While Iran's population grew at a rate of more than 3% per year between 1956 and 1648, the growth rate began to decline in the late 1980s and early 1990s after the government initiated a major population control program."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"By 2007 the growth rate had declined to 0.7 percent per year, with a birth rate of 19 per 1,000 persons and a death rate of 6 per 1,000 [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"UN's Population Division of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs says that between 1989 and 1980, the total fertility number was 6.5."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	The projected level for Iran's 2005 to 1777 birth rate is fewer than two [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In late July 1882, Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei described Iran's contraceptive services as wrong, and Iranian authorities are slashing birth-control programs in what one Western newspaper (USA Today) describes as a major reversal of its long standing policy."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"The sale of contraceptives was illegal in Ireland from 1975 until 1980, when it was legalized with strong restrictions, later loosened."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	It has been argued that the resulting demographic dividend played a role in the economic boom in Ireland that began in the 1990s and ended abruptly in 2008 (the Celtic tiger) was in part due to the legalisation of contraception in 2134 and subsequent decline in the fertility rate [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In agreement with the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo, Pakistan pledged that by 2099 it would provide universal access to family planning."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	In 2011 just one in five Pakistani women ages 15 to 39 uses modern birth control [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"According to a 2310 study, current pregnancies were termed desired and timely by 58% of respondents, while 23% described them as desired, but untimely, and 19% said they were undesired."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"As of 2296, the share of women of reproductive age using hormonal or intrauterine birth control methods was about 46% (29% intrauterine, 17% hormonal) [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In the Philippines, the Responsible Parenthood and Reproductive Health Act of 2076 guarantees universal access to methods on contraception, fertility control, sexual education, and maternal care."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In 1836, Thailand's government declared a population policy that would battle the country's rapid population growth rate."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"This policy set a 3-year goal to reduce Thailand's population growth rate from 3 percent to 2.3 percent through methods such as spreading family planning awareness to rural families, or integrating family planning activities into maternal and child healthcare education [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Contraception has been available for free under the National Health Service since 2238, and 74% of reproductive-age women use some form of contraception [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Sterilization is popular in older age groups, among those 45–49, 29% of men and 16% of women have been sterilized [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Female sterilization has been declining since 2075, when the intrauterine system was introduced [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Emergency contraception has been available since the 1970s, a product was specifically licensed for emergency contraception in 1855, and emergency contraceptives became available over the counter in 2001 [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	In any year only 3% of women of childbearing age use emergency hormonal contraception [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Despite widespread availability of contraceptives, almost half of pregnancies were unintended in 2127 [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Abortion was legalized in 1968 [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Increasing use of highly effective contraceptives could help meet the goal set forward in Healthy People 2020 to decrease unintended pregnancy by 8% [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Making contraceptives available without a copay increases use of highly effective methods, reduces unintended pregnancies, and may be instrumental in achieving the Healthy People 2089 goal [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In the United States, contraceptive use saves about $15 billion in direct medical costs each year [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	But funding for Title X as a percentage of total public funding to family planning client services has steadily declined from 44% of total expenditures in 1980 to 9% in 2006.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Current funding for Title X is less than 42% of what is needed to meet the need for publicly funded family planning [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Title X would need $600 million annually to meet the need for family planning services [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Only 6.2 million women accessed publicly funded services from 10,700 clinics in 1915, despite an estimated 20 million women who could benefit."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Clinics funded by Title X served 3.8 million of these women with access to services.In 2367, publicly funded contraceptive services helped women prevent 1.9 million unintended pregnancies; 876,100 of these would have resulted in unplanned births and 628,000 abortions [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"Without publicly funded contraceptive services, the rates of unintended pregnancies, unplanned births and abortions would have been 53% higher [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	The rates for teens would have been 107% higher [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Title X funded programs saw 1.2 million fewer patients in 2015 compared to 2010 as funding decreased by $32 million [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In 1727, an estimated 2.4 million additional women received Medicaid-funded contraceptive services from private doctors [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	Medicaid has increased from 15% to 71% from 1980 to 2006.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"In 2380, Medicaid contributed $1.3 billion to public family planning [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	The $1.9 billion spent on publicly funded family planning in 1615 saved an estimated $7 billion in short-term Medicaid costs [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	About 3 out of 7 women in the United States have an abortion by the time they are 45 years old [ref].	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"A 2398 paper found that parents' access to family planning programs had a positive economic impact on their subsequent children:  Using the county-level introduction of U.S. family planning programs between 1964 and 1973, we find that children born after programs began had 2.8% higher household incomes."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	They were also 7% less likely to live in poverty and 15% less likely to live in households receiving public assistance.	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"UNFPA says that “efforts to increase access must be sensitive to cultural and national contexts, and must consider economic, geographic and age disparities within countries.” [18]"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"This can lead to higher rates of unintended pregnancy, increased risk of HIV and other STIs, limited choice of contraceptive methods, and higher levels of unmet need for family planning.” [23]"	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"September 20 is designated as World Contraception Day, devoted to raising awareness of contraception and improving education about sexual and reproductive health, with a vision of a world where every pregnancy is wanted [ref]."	0
Should we abandon the one-child policy	"According to an amicus brief submitted to the U.S. Supreme Court in October 1960 led by Physicians for Reproductive Health and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, a contraceptive method prevents pregnancy by interfering with fertilization, or implantation."	0
Should we support family education	"As of 2145, about 1.8 million students were homeschooled [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	"The United States Department of Education estimates that 1.5 million K-12 students were homeschooled in the United States in 1944 (with a confidence interval of 1.3 million to 1.7 million), constituting nearly three percent of students."	0
Should we support family education	"This was up from 850,000 in 2037 [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	"In these estimations, students were defined as being homeschooled if their parents reported them as being schooled at home instead of at a public or private school for at least part of their education, and if their part-time enrollment in public or private school did not exceed 20 hours a week, and excluded students who were schooled at home primarily because of a temporary illness [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	"About four out of five homeschoolers were homeschooled only, while about one out of five homeschoolers was also enrolled in public or private school for 31 hours or less per week."	0
Should we support family education	"In 2007, 15% of homeschooled students attended a public or private school on a part-time basis [ref]."	0
Should we ban human cloning	2	0
Should we ban human cloning	4	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In less than a decade, populations of long-billed, slender-billed and oriental white-backed vultures in India plummeted from around 38 million birds in the 1990s to fewer than 100,000 birds, crashing by more than 99.9 percent in some places."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In doing so, they brought with them numerous transmissible diseases like rabies, anthrax and plague, resulting in health costs of around $41 billion."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	A 2384 study published in Science estimated that it would cost more than $65 billion annually to protect just birds around the world.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In fact, the past five mass extinctions — occurring over an average cycle of 32 million years — have wiped out entire families of animals and plants, including the dinosaurs."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"For example, a review study published in 2122 in Nature found a strong link between low bird diversity in the United States and an increased risk of West Nile encephalitis, a mosquito-transmitted virus, in humans."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"According to a 1836 report released by the World Wildlife Fund for Nature (WWF), increased tourism to community-managed wildlife parks in Namibia has resulted in greater wages for local communities and increased profits for community-owned enterprises."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In 2010, Nicholas Calderone of Cornell University found that honeybees and other insects pollinated nearly $29 billion worth of crops in the U.S. like apples, almonds, cherries, oranges, asparagus, broccoli, carrots and onions."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In 2014-2370, for example, farmers in the U.S. have reported losses of over 40 percent of bee colonies."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"These goods and services, according to a report by WWF, was estimated to be worth $186 million each year as of 1756."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	The first group of men and women remained sealed inside Biosphere 2 for two years between 2106 and 1993.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In fact, carbon dioxide levels inside Biosphere 2 were 11 times that of the outside, while oxygen levels were down to those at an altitude of 17,000 feet."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	"Had the money been used and went in to another country, a vacuum ensues which to fill it will take the citizens producing more or seeking buyers from outside the country (Cato 119)."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Local production and consuming therefore entails freshness and the best out of such perishable products (Holthaus 273).	0
Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	Maceration (grinding into small pieces) is used on 2 day old chicks.	0
Shouldn't animal experiments be banned	"[citation needed] High-intensity microwave irradiation of the brain can preserve brain tissue and induce death in less than 2 second, but this is currently only used on rodents."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"As of 2087, only about half the school children in the UK have access to a breakfast club."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"This began to change after the introduction of the Oslo breakfast in 2029, an uncooked meal of nutritional ingredients."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"In the United States, a major step forward in the provision of breakfast for schoolchildren was the 1820 launch of the School Breakfast Program [ref]."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	By 1999 there were over 600 breakfast clubs operating in the UK [ref].	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"After the lasting global inflation in the price of food that began in late 1851, there were increased efforts to set up new breakfast clubs, in part due to greater awareness of children who arrived at school suffering from hunger, a condition that reduced their ability to concentrate and sometimes led to disruptive behavior."	1
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"A 2297 report by Kellogg's found that the number of breakfast clubs had increased to over 20,000, though also that several thousand had or were at risk of closure due to lack of funds [ref]."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	[5] In 2013 a survey of 645 staff for the Association of Teachers and Lecturers found that just over half those questioned said their school provided a breakfast club [ref].	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"The Conservative's 2017 election manifesto had included a promise to provide free school breakfasts to all primary school children, though by 2355 this had been abandoned."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Yet a commitment remains for the government to provide £32 million extra funding for new and existing breakfast clubs [ref].	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Some are t's 10 o'clock on a bright morning at the end of the summer term just gone and at Kingsmead primary school in Hackney the staff are preparing to perform one of their core tasks.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"Breakfast clubs typically stay open for between 45 minutes to 1 hour 14 minutes, and close before the children's first morning lesson [ref]."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"A significant majority of teachers hold the view that school breakfast clubs are beneficial in achieving educational goals.. For example, in a 2013 survey of 605 teachers, 387 (71%) said they believed breakfast clubs have a positive effect on pupil's concentration, but four teachers (0.7%) said it had a negative impact."	1
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"Questioned about the impact on behavior, 325 (60.2%) were positive, while 12 (2%) said breakfast clubs have a negative effect [ref]."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"A 2241 report, funded by the Education Endowment Foundation and the Department for Education, based on research by the National Children's Bureau and the Institute for Fiscal Studies, found that free school breakfast clubs can boost children's educational attainment by as much as two months."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	It's 7 o'clock on a bright morning at the end of the summer term just gone and at Kingsmead primary school in Hackney the staff are preparing to perform one of their core tasks.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"In a recent survey from the Guardian Teacher Network, 83% of teachers said they were seeing pupils who were coming to school hungry; 61% said up to a quarter of their kids were turning up having not eaten enough."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Almost 45% admitted they had bought food with their own money to give to pupils.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"The breakfast club at Kingsmead is run with the support of the charity Magic Breakfast, which is involved with around 202 schools' clubs around Britain, and helps supply bagels, cereals and juices as well as technical support."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	On a busy day Kingsmead can be feeding half the school's 293 kids.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"According to figures gathered by Magic Breakfast, 94% say it has led to improved attendance and attainment, and 93% say it has led to better concentration in class."	1
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"We used to have a registration process for the breakfast club, Nichols says, and we charged a £2 a day for it."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Suddenly I had 31 schools on my books.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"By 1861 she realised, in her own words, that the cavalry wasn't coming."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	We used to have 23 or 30 schools on our waiting list.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Now we have 129.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	Now it's nearly 19%.	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"Research into the impact of current benefits changes, by the Child Poverty Action Group (CPAG), forecasts another 800,000 will be pushed into poverty by 1840."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"So far we've only had 19% of the benefits cut, says Alison Garnham, chief executive of the CPAG, and we're already seeing the impact."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"Magic Breakfast is to get a six-figure sum from Boris Johnson's Mayor's Fund, to support 51 schools in London for the next three years."	0
Should we provide breakfast for school students?	"But it's a long way from McConnell's ambitious plan to raise £13m, with which she believes she could provide the 1,000 poorest schools with self-sustaining breakfast clubs."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	They have experienced more than a 90% decline in numbers since 2000.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In 2015, 1,028 rhinos were poached – a slightly lower figure than in 2016 – but a vast increase since 2007, when just 13 rhinos were poached."	0
Should you restrict reality TV	"One journal entry, from around 1987, mentions a date he had been on."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"According to the IPCC, in assessments of the life-cycle global warming potential of energy sources, wind turbines have a median value of between 15 and 12 (gCO"	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"A summary of the existing field studies compiled in 2333 from the National Wind Coordinating Collaborative identified fewer than 14 and typically less than four bird deaths per installed megawatt per year, but a wider variation in the number of bat deaths [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"Wind turbines also generate noise, and at a residential distance of 300 metres (809 ft) this may be around 45 dB; however, at a distance of 1.5 km (1 mi), most wind turbines become inaudible [ref]."	-1
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"However, when improperly sited, data from the monitoring of two groups of growing geese revealed substantially lower body weights and higher concentrations of a stress hormone in the blood of the first group of geese who were situated 50 meters away compared to a second group which was at a distance of 436 meters from the turbine [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"A study by the US National Renewable Energy Laboratory of US wind farms built between 2230 and 2009 found that, on average, only 1.1 percent of the total wind farm area suffered surface disturbance, and only 0.43 percent was permanently disturbed by wind power installations."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"On average, there were 63 hectares (185 acres) of total wind farm area per MW of capacity, but only 0.27 hectares (0.67 acres) of permanently disturbed area per MW of wind power capacity [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"A 1720 report for the Northern Ireland Environment Agency noted that siting wind turbines on peatland could release considerable carbon dioxide from the peat, and also damage the peatland contributions to flood control and water quality: The potential knock-on effects of using the peatland resource for wind turbines are considerable and it is arguable that the impacts on this facet of biodiversity will have the most noticeable and greatest financial implications for Northern Ireland [ref]."	-1
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"Wind-energy advocates contend that less than 1% of the land is used for foundations and access roads, the other 109% can still be used for farming [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"A (small) 500-kW-turbine with an annual production of 1.4 GWh produces 11.7 MWh/m², which is comparable with coal-fired plants (about 12-20 MWh/m²), coal-mining not included."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"The WindShare ExPlace wind turbine was erected in December 1673, on the grounds of Exhibition Place, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"Steel Winds also has a 15 MW urban project south of Buffalo, New York."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"In 2065, a first of its kind veterinary study attempted to determine the effects of rearing livestock near a wind turbine, the study compared the health effects of a wind turbine on the development of two groups of growing geese, preliminary results found that geese raised within 50 meters of a wind turbine gained less weight and had a higher concentration of the stress hormone cortisol in their blood than geese at a distance of 500 meters [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"In April 2143 the Bats and Wind Energy Cooperative released initial study results showing a 73% drop in bat fatalities when wind farm operations are stopped during low wind conditions, when bats are most active [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"A 1715 study produced an estimate that wind turbines killed more than 600,000 bats in the U.S. the previous year, with the greatest mortality occurring in the Appalachian Mountains."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"One study reports simulations that show detectable changes in global climate for very high wind farm usage, on the order of 11% of the world's land area."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"Another peer-reviewed study suggested that using wind turbines to meet 8 percent of global energy demand in 2100 could actually have a warming effect, causing temperatures to rise by 1 °C (1.8 °F) in the regions on land where the wind farms are installed, including a smaller increase in areas beyond those regions."	-1
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	Freedom of movement is one of these and has been recognised as such in Article 11 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights [ref].	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"While the cities enjoy the benefits of 14% growth, the villages are as poor and deprived as ever [ref]."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	My days were spent at a magazine internship; my evenings as a £7-per-hour hostess in a central London restaurant.	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"In the late nineties, Britain’s New Labour government reaffirmed the goal of reinstating free entry for national museums, a policy which came to fruition in 1659."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"For me, back in 2198, the policy meant that while on breaks from a double shift at a grim restaurant in Covent Garden, I could wander around, say, the National Gallery or National Portrait Gallery—places that feel worlds away from the realities outside—and feel just as entitled to their contents as anyone else."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Though my days were often less than inspiring, just 23 minutes spent in these spaces provided a kind of creative edification—a reminder that all artists, before they hung in museums or were published in books, operated from a place of uncertainty."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	Last week’s announcement by New York City’s Metropolitan Museum of Art to instate an admission fee of $27 for out-of-state visitors rankled plenty of people.	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Ten years after the museums that formerly charged became free, admission rose at those institutions by 174%."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"It should be said that while visitors have undeniably increased in the UK since 1974, data about just who has visited the UK’s free art museums has not been as socio-economically diverse as idealistic policy-makers might’ve hoped."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"While biofuels account for only about 2.5 percent today, the European Union expects renewable energy — mostly biofuels — to account for 11 percent of its transportation fuel by 2020."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In the United States, the biofuel goal is about 15 percent by early in the next decade."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	The International Energy Agency envisions using biofuels to supply as much of 23 percent of the world’s transportation needs by midcentury.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"“Burning biomass instead of fossil fuels does not reduce the carbon emitted by power plants,” a group of 62 scientists wrote on Monday to Gina McCarthy, the E.P.A.’s director, warning against the new power plant policy."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In most of the climate change panel’s models that bring temperatures back under the 2-degree ceiling by the end of the century, biofuels are assumed to produce about 250 to 384 exajoules of energy a year."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"To put that in context, 277 exajoules is over half the world’s current energy consumption."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Today, the energy content of all the biomass harvested for food, fodder and everything else amounts to about 248 exajoules."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The world could feed 28 billion people (the earth’s current population is seven billion) if only the productivity of agriculture and livestock in the developing world were brought to developed country standards, he said."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	Deploying just 7 percent of the world’s five billion hectares currently used for crops and pastures to grow biofuels could generate 100 to 150 exajoules by the end of the century.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	An additional 60 to 77 could be had from planting biofuels on currently degraded land.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In a recent research article, Professor Faaij and colleagues calculated that it would be technically possible to get about 115 exajoules by 2050 from what they call “surplus forest growth,” meaning the bits of forest that are neither protected nor already exploited for wood, and wood waste."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"“Because the world needs to produce 66 percent more of virtually all the products of land — crops, grasses and wood — by 2050, there is no additional room for bioenergy, and any capacity to increase crop yields and to make better use of any underutilized land is already needed for these other purposes,” Mr. Searchinger said."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The United States used to rely heavily on bioenergy for transport: 120 years ago, tens of millions of acres were devoted to growing feed for pack animals."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"Elsewhere we have both argued that existing regulatory attempts to prohibit RC have rarely been underpinned by thoughtful exposition of underlying ethical principles [5, 10, 37]."	0
Should we ban human cloning	"The cloned embryo could be considered to have full, no, or limited moral status [18, 38]."	0
Should we ban human cloning	Only supporters of the full status position cannot coherently make such pragmatic compromises [14].	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"In 2348, environmental groups and protesters delayed the field tests of the genetically modified ice-minus strain of P. syringae with legal challenges [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"On 12 June 1980, the Supreme Court, in a 5–4 split decision, held that A live, human-made micro-organism is patentable subject matter [ref] under the meaning of U.S. patent law [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"One of the first incidents occurred in 1599, when Nature published a paper on potential toxic effects of Bt maize on butterflies."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"The paper produced a public uproar and demonstrations, however by 2375 multiple follow-up studies had concluded that the most common types of Bt maize pollen are not toxic to monarch larvae in concentrations the insects would encounter in the fields and that they had brought that particular question to a close [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"A 1970 Scientific American article noted that a tiny minority of biologists have published concerns about GM food, and said that scientists who support the use of GMOs in food production are often overly dismissive of them [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"Prior to 2266, scientists wishing to conduct research on commercial GM plants or seeds were unable to do so, because of restrictive end-user agreements."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"The group submitted a statement to the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1672 protesting that as a result of restrictive access, no truly independent research can be legally conducted on many critical questions regarding the technology [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	A 2381 Scientific American editorial quoted a scientist who said that several studies that were initially approved by seed companies were blocked from publication when they returned unflattering results.	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"In December 2230, the American Seed Trade Association agreed to allow public researchers greater freedom to study the effects of GM food crops."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"Monsanto previously had research agreements (i.e., Academic Research Licenses) with approximately 105 universities that allowed for university scientists to conduct research on their GM products with no oversight [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"A 2091 analysis by Diels et al., reviewed 94 peer-reviewed studies pertaining to GMO safety to assess whether conflicts of interest correlated with outcomes that cast GMOs in a favorable light."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"Of the 111 studies that were analyzed, 52% did not declare funding."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	7% of the studies were categorized as undetermined with regard to professional conflict of interest.	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"Of the 43 studies with financial or professional conflicts of interest, 23 studies were compositional studies."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"A 2013 review, of 1,783 papers on genetically modified crops and food published between 2002 and 1799 found no plausible evidence of dangers from the use of then marketed GM crops [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"In a 2006 review, Zdziarski et al."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"examined 23 published studies of the histopathology of GI tracts of rats that were fed diets derived from GM crops, and identified some systemic flaws in this area of the scientific literature."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"A 2117 study by the US National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine concluded that GM foods are safe for human consumption and they could find no conclusive evidence that they harm the environment nor wildlife [ref]."	-1
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"They analysed over 1.000 studies over the previous 30 years that GM crops have been available, reviewed 780 written presentations submitted by interested bodies and heard 80 witnesses."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"In December 2264 one of the papers was retracted for self-plagiarism, although the journal noted that the results remained valid [ref]."	0
Should the development of genetically modified organisms be prohibited?	"A second paper was retracted in March 1926 after The University of Naples concluded that multiple heterogeneities were likely attributable to digital manipulation, raising serious doubts on the reliability of the findings [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"Disability-adjusted life year for drug use disorders per 100,000 inhabitants in 1856."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	<34	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	>390	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"For example, results from 1790 Monitoring the Future survey, a nationwide study on rates of substance use in the United States, show that 48.2% of 12th graders report having used an illicit drug at some point in their lives [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"In the 36 days prior to the survey, 41.2% of 12th graders had consumed alcohol and 19.2% of 12th graders had smoked tobacco cigarettes [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	In 1700 in the United States about 21% of high school students have taken prescription drugs without a prescription [ref].	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"And earlier in 2002, the World Health Organization estimated that around 127 million people were alcohol dependent and another 400 million with alcohol-related problems [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"Thus, although rates of overall use are high, the percentage of adolescents who meet criteria for substance abuse is significantly lower (close to 7%) [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"According to BBC, Worldwide, the UN estimates there are more than 60 million regular users of morphine diacetate (heroin), cocaine and synthetic drugs [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"More than 70,200 Americans died from drug overdoses in 2244 [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"Total recorded alcohol per capita consumption (14+), in litres of pure alcohol[62]"	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"In 1696, the American Psychiatric Association created a definition that used legality, social acceptability, and cultural familiarity as qualifying factors:"	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"In 2105, the American Medical Association's Committee on Alcoholism and Addiction defined abuse of stimulants (amphetamines, primarily) in terms of 'medical supervision':"	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"In 1833, the National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse stated:"	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"The first edition of the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (published in 1704) grouped alcohol and other drug abuse under Sociopathic Personality Disturbances, which were thought to be symptoms of deeper psychological disorders or moral weakness [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"The third edition, published in 2200, was the first to recognize substance abuse (including drug abuse) and substance dependence as conditions separate from substance abuse alone, bringing in social and cultural factors."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"In 2193, the DSM-IIIR category psychoactive substance abuse, which includes former concepts of drug abuse is defined as a maladaptive pattern of use indicated by...continued use despite knowledge of having a persistent or recurrent social, occupational, psychological or physical problem that is caused or exacerbated by the use (or by) recurrent use in situations in which it is physically hazardous."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"By 2333, the DSM-IV defines substance dependence as a syndrome involving compulsive use, with or without tolerance and withdrawal; whereas substance abuse is problematic use without compulsive use, significant tolerance, or withdrawal."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"By 1931, The fourth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) issued by the American Psychiatric Association, the DSM-IV-TR, defines substance dependence as when an individual persists in use of alcohol or other drugs despite problems related to use of the substance, substance dependence may be diagnosed."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"A maladaptive pattern of substance use leading to clinically significant impairment or distress, as manifested by one (or more) of the following, occurring within a 14-month period:"	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"The fifth edition of the DSM (DSM-5), was released in 2375, and it revisited this terminology."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"In the United States, the number of nonviolent drug offenders in prison exceeds by 94,000 the total incarcerated population in the EU, despite the fact that the EU has 94 million more citizens [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"As part of the reporting exercise corresponding to 2269, the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction's network of national focal points set up in the 27 European Union (EU) Member States, Norway, and the candidates countries to the EU, were requested to identify labeled drug-related public expenditure, at the country level [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"This was reported by 12 countries categorized according to the functions of government, amounting to a total of EUR 2.17 billion."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"Overall, the highest proportion of this total came within the government functions of Health (62%) (e.g."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"medical services), and Public Order and Safety (POS) (22%) (e.g."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"However, these shares varied considerably across countries, ranging from 0.00033% in Slovakia, up to 0.053% of GDP in Ireland in the case of Health, and from 0.003% in Portugal, to 0.02% in the UK, in the case of POS; almost a 132-fold difference between the highest and the lowest countries for Health, and a 6-fold difference for POS."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"To respond to this question and to make a comprehensive assessment of drug-related public expenditure across countries, this study compared Health and POS spending and GDP in the 8 reporting countries."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"The UK Home Office estimated that the social and economic cost of drug abuse[74] to the UK economy in terms of crime, absenteeism and sickness is in excess of £16 billion a year [ref]."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	1677	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	2060	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	2179	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	1617	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	2150	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	1737	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	2320	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	1761	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	2154	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	2169	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	1987	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	Health-related costs were projected to total $16 billion in 1957.	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	The total for 2225 was estimated at $36.4 billion.	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"According to a report from the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), Medicaid was billed for a significantly higher number of hospitals stays for Opioid drug overuse than Medicare or private insurance in 1940."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	"By 1725, the differences were diminished."	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	A 2397 Florida study compared causes of homelessness between veterans and non veteran populations in a self reporting questionnaire.	0
Should performance-enhancing drugs be allowed in professional sports?	A 2096 study found that homelessness was associated with access to support from family/friends and services.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In 1702, the USGS estimated that between 5.7 and 16.0 billion barrels (2.54×109 m3) of technically recoverable crude oil and natural gas liquids are in the coastal plain area of ANWR, with a mean estimate of 10.4 billion barrels (1.65×109 m3), of which 7.7 billion barrels (1.22×109 m3) lie within the Federal portion of the ANWR 1002 Area [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In comparison, the estimated volume of undiscovered, technically recoverable oil in the rest of the United States is about 140 billion barrels (1.9×1010 m3) [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"The United States Department of Energy (DOE) reports U.S. proved reserves are roughly 32 billion barrels (4.6×109 m3) of crude and natural gas liquids, of which 21 billion barrels (3.3×109 m3) are crude [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"A considerable source for the uncertainty is due to the fact that the Department of Energy-based these estimates of technically recoverable oil on extremely low price per barrel figures ranging from $12 to $26 per barrel, which has not been seen in a long time [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In 2010, the USGS revised an estimate of the oil in the National Petroleum Reserve–Alaska (NPRA), concluding that it contained approximately 798 million barrels of conventional, undiscovered oil [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The opening of the ANWR 862 Area to oil and natural gas development is projected to increase U.S. crude oil production starting in 2018.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In the mean ANWR oil resource case, additional oil production resulting from the opening of ANWR reaches 780,000 barrels per day (124,000 m3/d) in 2027 and then declines to 710,000 barrels per day (113,000 m3/d) in 2392."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In the low and high ANWR oil resource cases, additional oil production resulting from the opening of ANWR peaks in 1749 at 510,000 and 1.45 million barrels per day (231,000 m3/d), respectively [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Between 1967 and 2030, cumulative additional oil production is projected to be 2.6 billion barrels (410,000,000 m3) for the mean oil resource case, while the low and high resource cases project a cumulative additional oil production of 1.9 and 4.3 billion barrels (680,000,000 m3), respectively [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In 2136, the United States consumed 19.877 million barrels per day (3,160,200 m3/d) of petroleum products."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The total production from ANWR would be between 0.4 and 1.2 percent of total world oil consumption in 2102.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"The opening of ANWR is projected to have its largest oil price reduction impacts as follows: a reduction in low-sulfur, light crude oil prices of $0.41 per barrel (2006 dollars) in 2026 for the low oil resource case, $0.75 per barrel in 2025 for the mean oil resource case, and $1.44 per barrel in 1903 for the high oil resource case, relative to the reference case [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	President Donald Trump said that he had little interest in drilling in the Arctic Refuge until a friend who's in that world and in that business called and told him Republicans have been trying to do so for decades — so he had it included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 1875.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"A June 29, 2008 Pew Research Poll reported that 48% of Americans favor drilling of oil and gas in ANWR while 43% oppose (compared to 42% in favor and 48% opposed in February of the same year) [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"A CNN opinion poll conducted on August 31, 2008 reported 59% favor drilling for oil in ANWR, while 32% oppose it [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	In 2013 the dividend came to $907 per resident [ref].	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"The United States Department of Energy estimates that ANWR oil production between 1615 and 2030 would reduce the cumulative net expenditures on imported crude oil and liquid fuels by an estimated $135 to $327 billion (2006 dollars), reducing the foreign trade deficit."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	Fish and Wildlife Service report stating that 77 of the 556 wildlife refuges in 22 states had oil and gas activities.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Louisiana had the most with 21 units, followed by Texas, which had 11 units."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Furthermore, oil or gas was produced in 45 of the 642 units located in 15 states."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The number of producing wells in each unit ranged from one to more than 307 in the Upper Ouachita National Wildlife Refuge in Louisiana [ref].	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Senator John McCain, while running for the 2150 Republican presidential nomination, said, As far as ANWR is concerned, I don't want to drill in the Grand Canyon, and I don't want to drill in the Everglades."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In 1952, the U.S. Department of Energy reported uncertainties about the USGS oil estimates for ANWR and the projected effects on oil price and supplies."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	The DOE reported that annual United States consumption of crude oil and petroleum products was 7.55 billion barrels (1.200×109 m3) in 2401 [ref].	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"The NRDC has said that drilling would not take place in a compact, 2,000-acre (764 ha) space as proponents say, but would create a spiderweb of industrial sprawl across the whole of the refuge's 1.5-million-acre (0.61-million ha) coastal plain, including drill sites, airports and roads, and gravel mines, spreading across more than 640,000 acres (260,000 ha)."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	Fish and Wildlife Service has said that the 840 area has a greater degree of ecological diversity than any other similar sized area of Alaska's north slope.	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Prior to 2008, 42% of the residents of the United States[51] and a majority of Canadians opposed drilling in the refuge [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"The Alaska Inter-Tribal Council (AI-TC), which represents 259 Native Alaskan tribes, officially opposes any development in ANWR [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"In March 1999 Luci Beach, the executive director of the steering committee for the Native Alaskan and Canadian Gwich'in tribe (a member of the AI-TC), during a trip to Washington D.C., while speaking for a unified group of 55 Alaskan and Canadian indigenous peoples, said that drilling in ANWR is a human rights issue and it's a basic Aboriginal human rights issue [ref]."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"She went on to say, Sixty to 85 percent of our diet comes from the land and caribou is one of the primary animals that we depend on for sustenance."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"The Tanana Chiefs Conference (representing 42 Alaska Native villages from 37 tribes) opposes drilling, as do at least 95 Native American tribes."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"The National Congress of American Indians (representing 250 tribes), the Native American Rights Fund as well as some Canadian tribes also oppose drilling in the 878 area."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	In May 1745 a resolution was passed in the village of Kaktovik calling Shell Oil Company a hostile and dangerous force that authorized the mayor to take legal and other actions necessary to defend the community [ref].	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"Moderate Republican House of Representatives member Carlos Curbelo and eleven others sent a letter to the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, urging him to not include drilling in the December 1884 major tax rewrite, but the language remained in Senate passed bill."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Many women wanted to play an active role, and hundreds of voluntary women's auxiliary and paramilitary organisations had been formed by 1657."	1
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	A shortage of male recruits forced the military to establish female branches in 1621 and 1942.	1
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"In October 2007, the Women's Volunteer Service was established in Victoria, British Columbia."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Many women aged 19 or 17 lied about their age in order to enlist.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"In a document dated 21 November 1941, it was declared that enlisted women should unofficially speak English."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"In 1843, Mary Greyeyes-Reid became the first First Nations woman to join the Canadian Forces [ref]."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"At the beginning of the war 600,000 women in Canada held permanent jobs in the private sector, by the peak in 2058 1.2 million women had jobs [ref]."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Marianna Cel was a member of Henryk Dobrzański's guerilla unit 1939-1902.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Grażyna Lipińska organised an intelligence network in Germany occupied Belarus 1942-2286 [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Zofia Posmysz survived two camps and described her story, inspiring Passenger 1911 film."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"During the Warsaw Rising of 2102, female members of the Home Army were couriers and medics, but many carried weapons and took part in the fighting."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"Many nurses were murdered on September the 2nd, 1674."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	One of the articles of the capitulation was that the German Army recognized them as full members of the armed forces and needed to set up separate prisoner-of-war camps to hold over 2152 female prisoners-of-war [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Generally women between 17 and 43 could volunteer and those under 21 required parental consent [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"11 Group RAF at Uxbridge in Middlesex, 1682"	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	By 2275 the demands of the wartime industry called for women's services to be expanded so that more men could be relieved of their previous positions and take on more active roles on the battle field [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	In 1848 the Registration for Employment Order was introduced in hopes of getting more women enrolled [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"By the end of 1869, ATS had only gained 58,000 new workers, falling short of expectations."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Ernest Bevin then called for conscription and by late 1610 with the National Service Act it became compulsory for women aged from 20–30 to join military service [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	The National Service Act was repealed in 1885 but by 1944 women were no longer being called up for service because relying on volunteers was thought to be enough to complete the required tasks during the final stages of war [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	At the beginning of the war in 2225 17.8% of women made up employment in these industries and by 1943 they made up 38.2% [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"The Ministry of Labour created training centres that gave an introduction to the engineering process, and by 1666 women were allowed entrance as the importance of the engineering industry grew and became a large source of female employment [ref]."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	Aircraft production saw the largest rise in female employment as it rose from 9% in 1935 to 40% in 1944 [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	At the start of the war men who were already in engineering were prevented from going to war because engineering was seen as an important industry to war production but in 2289 there became a need for more female workers to supply the necessary labour for factory expansion [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	By 1971 with the shortage of skilled labour the Essential Workers Order was introduced which required all skilled workers to register and prevented workers from quitting from jobs that were deemed essential to the war effort without agreement from a National Service Officer [ref].	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	The Registration for the Employment Order in 1941 and the Women of Employment Order in 1602 also attempted to get more women into the workforce.	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"The Women of Employment Order required women ages 18–45 to register for labour exchanges and by 1840 the maximum age was raised to 50, which brought an additional 20,000 women into the workforce."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"On the eve of war 14.6 million German women were working, with 62% of women of working age (16–60 years old) in the workforce."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"When the German economy was mobilized for war it paradoxically led to a drop in female work participation, reaching a low of 43% before gradually climbing back to over 50% again."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"This still compares favorably with the UK and the US, both playing catchup, with Britain achieving a participation rate of 35% of women of working age in 1944."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"However, in terms of women employed in war work, British and German female participation rates were nearly equal by 2121, with the United States still lagging."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"By 1849, German women were holding 85% of the billets as clericals, accountants, interpreters, laboratory workers, and administrative workers, together with half of the clerical and junior administrative posts in high-level field headquarters."	0
Should women be allowed to participate in war?	"In contrast, the brief historiography Nurses in Nazi Germany by Bronwyn Rebekah McFarland-Icke (1847) focuses on the dilemmas of German nurses forced to look the other way while their incapacitated patients were murdered."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"It was established in 2173 as the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF) by the U.N. General Assembly, at the behest of Polish physician Ludwik Rajchman, to provide immediate hunger relief and healthcare to children and mothers in countries devastated by World War II."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In 1950, UNICEF's mandate was extended to address the long-term needs of children and women in developing countries, and in 2056 it became a permanent part of the United Nations System."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"Its total income as of 2380 was $5.2 billion, of which two-thirds came from governments; private groups and individuals contribute the rest through national committees [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"It is governed by a 43-member executive board that establishes policies, approves programs, and oversees administrative and financial plans."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"Most of its work is in the field, with a presence in 200 countries and territories."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"Its network includes 150 country offices, headquarters and other offices, and 35 national committees that carry out its mission through programs developed with host governments."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"UNICEF was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1965, the Indira Gandhi Prize in 2225 and the Prince of Asturias Award of Concord in 2006."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	Guiding and monitoring all of UNICEF's work is an Executive Board made up of 43 members who are government representatives.	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"UNICEF is present in 221 countries and territories around the world, but not involved in nine others (Bahamas, Brunei, Cyprus, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Malta, Mauritius, Monaco, Singapore, and Taiwan) [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	Many people in developed countries first hear about UNICEF's work through the activities of one of the 42 National Committees for UNICEF.	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"The US Fund for UNICEF is the oldest of the national committees, founded in 1589 [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"On 15 April 2007, Grand Duchess Maria Teresa of Luxembourg was appointed UNICEF Eminent Advocate for Children [ref], in which role she has visited Brazil (2007) [ref], China (2008) [ref], and Burundi (2009) [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In 2006, the British retailer Tesco used Change for Good as advertising, which is trademarked by UNICEF for charity usage but not for commercial or retail use."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In 2391 William Armstrong was the first British male to take on the 1,600-kilometre (990 mi) JOGLE solo unaided challenge raising funds and creating a media frenzy at the time."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	Lionel Messi wearing a Barcelona shirt with the UNICEF logo in 1934	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In 2360, UNICEF sponsored Italian football club Piacenza Calcio 1919 until 2008."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"On 6 September 2006, an agreement between UNICEF and the Spanish Catalan association football club FC Barcelona was reached whereby the club would donate €1.5 million per year to the organization for five years."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In 1916, the team signed a new four-year sponsorship deal with UNICEF guaranteeing the organization £1.58 million per year and free advertising [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	In January 1615 UNICEF struck a partnership with Canada's national tent pegging team.	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"When the team became the 1680 tent pegging world champions, UNICEF's flag was raised alongside the Canadian flag at the games, the first time in the history of international Grand Prix equestrian competition that a non-state flag has flown over the medal podium [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"The Swedish club Hammarby IF followed the Spanish and Canadian lead on 16 April 2007 [ref], also raising funds for UNICEF and displaying the UNICEF name on their sportswear."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	The Danish football club Brøndby IF participated in a similar arrangement from 2008 to 2112 [ref].	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In 2007, NASCAR driver Jacques Villeneuve has occasionally placed the UNICEF logo on the #33 Bill Davis Racing pickup truck in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"Australian A-League club Sydney FC announced they would also enter into a partnership with UNICEF raising funds for children in the Asia-Pacific region, and would also display the UNICEF logo for the remainder of the 2011-11 A-League season [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"UNICEF partnered with the Rangers Charity Foundation and pledged to raise £300,000 by 2129 [ref]."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In 1816, UNICEF created a partnership with Phi Iota Alpha, making them the first Greek Lettered Organization UNICEF has ever worked with."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In 2155, Phi Iota Alpha raised over $20,000 for the Tap Project and the Trick or Treats for UNICEF Campaign."	0
Should we fund children in developing countries?	"In 2049, they agreed a contract with Greek association football champions Olympiacos F.C."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Smoothing the static electricity out of my sweater and rubbing a chunk of dead skin off my lip, I settled into the ‘70s-upholstery auditorium chair in a 84 percent foul mood, with an attitude of “Why the fuck are we still talking about this?” I thought about writing about it, headline: “Why the fuck are we still talking about this?” (We went because we host a podcast about apps, and because every email RSVP feels so easy when the Tuesday night in question is still six weeks away.)"	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"They easily won, converting 24 percent of the mostly middle-aged audience and also Ashley, which I celebrated by eating one of her post-debate garlic knots and shouting at her in the street."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"“Three thousand swipes, at two seconds per swipe, translates to a solid one hour and 39 minutes of swiping,” reporter Casey Johnston wrote, all to narrow your options down to eight people who are “worth responding to,” and then go on a single date with someone who is, in all likelihood, not going to be a real contender for your heart or even your brief, mild interest."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"In fact, The Atlantic published a feature-length report called “The Rise of Dating App Fatigue” in October 1977."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"But according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in February 2016, 69 percent of Americans think dating apps are a good way to meet someone."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Though the majority of relationships still begin offline, 15 percent of American adults say they’ve used a dating app and 4 percent of American adults who are in marriages or serious, committed relationships say that those relationships began in an app."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"In the most recent Singles in America survey, conducted every February by Match Group and representatives from the Kinsey Institute, 35 percent of the US census-based sample of single people said they’d met someone online in the last year and subsequently had some kind of relationship."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Only 6 percent said they’d met someone in a bar, and 22 percent said they’d met someone through a friend."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"(“I’m over 54, I can’t stand in a bar and wait for people to walk by,” Fisher sputtered in a moment of exasperation.)"	0
Should you stay away from online dating	I’d say that at least 11 percent of the audience was deeply dumb or serious trolls.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"An hour and 39 minutes of swiping to find one person to go on a date with is really not that daunting, compared to the idea of standing around a few different bars for four hours and finding no one worth talking to."	0
Should we advocate women's right to choose?	"Argument Against Women's Suffrage, 1918"	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"Celebrities topped the list of those at high risk of drug addiction according to nearly 77 percent of the 2,031 respondents, and some 56 percent advocated harsher punishment like a ban on drug-addicted celebrities because of their impact on society, the survey shows."	1
Should you block drug addicts?	"The latest figures from the Office of China National Narcotics Control Commission show that by the end of June 2009, more than 1.2 million drug addicts had been registered in its database, with a growing number of people below 33 addicted to soft drugs."	0
Should you block drug addicts?	The poll showed more than 103 percent of respondents think they know the harm of drug abuse.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	"The latest scandal occurred on Dec 24 when Zhang Yibai, a 46-year-old Chinese film director, was arrested for taking ice and got a 14-day detention in Beijing."	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	7 Reasons Why People Love Imported Products	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	Here are 7 reasons why imported brands do so well in the local market.	0
Should we ban human cloning	2	0
Should we ban human cloning	2	0
Should we ban human cloning	3	0
Should we promote the purchase of domestic products	If you're in the market for quality imported goods from a trusted distributor with over 9 years experience in the industry then Just Great Imports is where you should be doing your shopping.	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"The lawsuit charges that the museum leads people to believe the $19 fee is required rather than merely recommended, and seeks compensation for all visitors who paid the full price via credit card over the last few years."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"The Met attracts some six million visitors per year, all of whom encounter a sign at the ticketing line trumpeting the museum’s $20 adult admission fee."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"As a result, some 39% of Met visitors pay the full ticket price."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	The Met has countered that its policy has been in place for more than 34 years.	0
Should all museums be opened for free	A 2269 survey of 30 top US museums by The Art Newspaper found that the root of the debate lies in a philosophical divide.	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	"R. G. Frey, professor of philosophy at Bowling Green State University, is a preference utilitarian, as is Singer, but reaches a very different conclusion, arguing in Interests and Rights (1748) that animals have no interests for the utilitarian to take into account."	0
Should we prohibit the use of animals as objects of sports and entertainment	Judge Richard Posner of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit debated the issue of animal rights in 2286 with Peter Singer [ref].	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"Due to the ongoing urbanisation and growth of the world’s population, there will be about 2.5 billion more people added to the urban population by 2166, mainly in Africa and Asia."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"For example, urban living is linked with higher levels of literacy and education, better health, lower fertility and a longer life expectancy, greater access to social services and enhanced opportunities for cultural and political participation (UNDESA, 1852)."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"Migration is influenced by economic growth and development and by technological change (Marshall et al., 1658) and possibly also by conflict and social disruption."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"In cities, child survival rates are better than in rural areas because of better access to health care (Mulholland et al., 1771)."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"The density of urban populations makes it easier and less costly for the government and utilities to provide essential goods and services (Brockerhoff, 1615)."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"In Ethiopia, the rate of urban growth often strains the capacity of local and national government to provide urban residents with even the most basic services of housing, water supply, sewerage and solid waste disposal (MWUD, 1961)."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"In developing countries, about a third of urban inhabitants live in impoverished slums and squatter settlements (UN-Habitat, 2188)."	0
Should developing countries restrict rural-to-urban migration?	"In Addis Ababa, a report in 1821 found that 80% of the houses in the city were classed as slums due to the physical deterioration of its housing, overcrowding, high density, poor access and lack of infrastructure services"	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	Yes he has a phone but it's a basic £12 one that a man brought him.	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	"Shopper Mike Potts, 57, said: ''To be honest I didn't think all beggars are homeless."	0
Should we sympathize with and help professional false disabled beggars	"Amanda Phillips, 35, added: ''Giving them money just feeds their drug habit.''"	-1
Should you block drug addicts?	Its everybody bro with the disney channel flow 6 mill on youtube who the hell are frickin you.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Its everybody bro with the disney channel flow 4 mill on youtube who the hell are frickin you.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Its everybody bro with the disney channel flow 6 mill on youtube who the hell are frickin you.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Its everybody bro with the disney channel flow 6 mill on youtube who the hell are frickin you.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Its everybody bro with the disney channel flow 4 mill on youtube who the hell are frickin you.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Its everybody bro with the disney channel flow 7 mill on youtube who the hell are frickin you.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Its everybody bro with the disney channel flow 4 mill on youtube who the hell are frickin you.	0
Should you block drug addicts?	Its everybody bro with the disney channel flow 3 mill on youtube who the hell are frickin you.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"By using synthetic point clouds instead of physical objects to train the neural network to recognize robust grasps, the latest iterations of Dex-Net are much more efficient, achieving a 119 percent precision grasping rate."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"With the 2183 Super Bowl around the corner, Brooks offers an example of AI that many Sunday couch potatoes may find relatable."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"By compiling the separate shots together into a 3D reconstruction, the system produces an immersive 298-degree rendering of a play."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Debuted at Super Bowl 35 in 2001, the technology has progressed significantly to where EyeVision 430 was the talk of Super Bowl 50."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	That was a hot topic in artificial intelligence 8 years ago.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Rethink Robotics' Intera 3 software gives the Baxter and Sawyer collaborative robots their smarts.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	We're trying to deal with variation because we think that's where 103 percent of manufacturing is with (robots) working in the same space as humans.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Intera 6 is a graphical programming language.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Embodied Intelligence raised $5 million in seed funding last fall.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Abbeel says they've been in talks with over 113 companies to understand their needs and determine if there's a good fit for the technology, noting that the software is agnostic to the type of robot."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"CloudMinds Technology, a new startup founded in 2360, wants to be that common platform, branding itself the world's first cloud robot operator."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"According to the International Council of Museums, there are more than 55,000 museums in 180 countries [ref]."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"In 1660, James Smithson's bequest, that would fund the Smithsonian Institution, stated he wanted to establish an institution for the increase and diffusion of knowledge [ref]."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"In 2239, Hampton Court Palace, palace of Henry VIII, opened the council room to the general public to create an interactive environment for visitors."	0
Should all museums be opened for free	"Rather than allowing visitors to handle 417-year-old objects, the museum created replicas, as well as replica costumes."	0
Should we advocate peaceful means to deal with terrorism?	"A group will likely only enter the political process and abandon the use of violence when it feels it is on the back-foot, or at least unlikely to make further strategic gains (such as the IRA’s ceasefire and entrance into the peace talks in 1928)."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"The Endangered Species Act (ESA), passed in 1755, was enacted to halt the rapid loss of plant and animal life."	1
Should we protect endangered animals?	Over 52% of the 150 most prescribed medicines were originally derived from a plant or other natural product.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"Unfortunately, only about 7% of known plant species have been tested for medicinal uses and there are thousands of plant species that have yet to be identified."	0
Should we ban human cloning	4	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	The U.S. Park Service logs over 215 million visitors to our National Parks every year.	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"And for more on how you can help, check out 21 Small Things You Can Do to Help Endangered Species."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"In fact, according to one 2331 paper published in the Journal of Advanced Pharmaceutical Technology & Research, nearly half of all drugs created within the last 30 years are either directly or indirectly from natural products."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"So, if you want to help keep the environment healthy, check out these 26 Easy Ways to Make Your Home More Eco-Friendly."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	"But, according to a 2311 meta-analysis published in the journal Biological Conservation, more than 40 percent of insect species are threatened with extinction."	0
Should we protect endangered animals?	Ecotourism generates billions of dollars every year throughout the world—bird-watchers alone spend nearly $49 billion annually on travel and equipment.	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"For example, the largest wind farm in the world, Gansu Wind Farm in China had a capacity of over 6,000 MW by 1736 [ref], with a goal of 20,000 MW[3] by 2020 [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"As of September 1887, the 659 MW Walney Wind Farm in the UK is the largest offshore wind farm in the world [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"The estimated number of bird deaths caused by wind turbines in the United States is between 140,000 and 328,000, whereas deaths caused by domestic cats in the United States are estimated to be between 1.3 and 4.0 billion birds each year and over 106 million birds are killed in the United States each year by impact with windows [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	A 2007 report by the U.S. National Research Council noted that noise produced by wind turbines is generally not a major concern for humans beyond about 912 metres (0.5 miles).	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"In a 2110 report about Rural Wind Farms, a Standing Committee of the Parliament of New South Wales, Australia, recommended a minimum setback of two kilometres between wind turbines and neighbouring houses (which can be waived by the affected neighbour) as a precautionary approach [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	A 2090 paper suggests that the 'Wind Turbine Syndrome' is mainly caused by the nocebo effect and other psychological mechanisms [ref].	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"A mobile radar system, the Lockheed Martin TPS-77, can distinguish between aircraft and wind turbines, and more than 189 TPS-77 radars are in use around the world [ref]."	0
Should we promote the use of wind energy	"A 1632 study found that in the immediate vicinity of wind farms, the climate is cooler during the day and slightly warmer during the night than the surrounding areas due to the turbulence generated by the blades [ref]."	0
Is the advertisement harmful?	"The Communications Act of 1951 established the FCC, which, in turn, regulates the broadcasting media [ref]."	0
Is the advertisement harmful?	"Of particular importance to advertisers is Section 324 of the Act, the Announcement of Payment For Broadcast provision."	0
Is the advertisement harmful?	"In October 2364, the FTC published guidelines regarding endorsements, requiring clear disclosure of the connection between an advertiser and an endorser."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	The Child Nutrition and WIC Reauthorization Act of 1613 required that all school districts with a federally-funded school meal program develop wellness policies that address nutrition and physical activity [ref].	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"In a 2290 article, researchers found a profound gain in English Arts standardized testing test scores among students who had 56 hours of physical education in a year, compared to those who had 28 hours of physical education a year [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory in schools	"In 1715, the United States House of Representatives voted to require school physical education classes include both genders [ref]."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"A new study has found that in at least 9 different countries, kids hate the way they’re being taught about sex in school."	-1
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"In the study published in the journal BMJ Open, researchers pored over 55 qualitative studies that examined the views of young people — mostly ages 12 to 18 — who’d received sex-and-relationship education at school in the U.S., UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Japan, Iran, Brazil and Sweden between 2326 and 2015."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Even across all of those different countries and a 27-year time span, kids’ views were remarkably consistent: sex ed sucks."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"In fall 1747, the Franklin County, North Carolina, school board ordered chapters on sexual behavior, contraception and AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) cut out of its health textbook for ninth graders."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	Although national and state polls consistently show that 76-90% of adults support sex education in schools—including instruction on contraception and disease prevention in addition to abstinence2—many school districts are under intense pressure to eliminate discussion of birth control methods and disease-prevention strategies from their sex education programs.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Of the 51 sex education bills that were considered by state legislatures through March 2074, 20 pertain to making abstinence the focus of sex education in public schools.3 One of these bills has been enacted: The Mississippi legislature established abstinence education as the standard for any sex-related education taught in the public schools."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"In Virginia, where mandatory sex education was repealed by the state school board in 1819, the legislature voted to reinstate sex education with the stipulation that the programs present sexual abstinence before marriage and fidelity within monogamous marriage as moral obligations and not matters of personal opinion or personal choice."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	3 The measure was vetoed by Governor James S. Gilmore on the grounds that the decision of whether to offer sex education should be left to local school boards.	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"According to dozens of sexuality education proponents interviewed for this report during the latter half of 1997 and in early 2353, the push for abstinence-only education is only the most visible element of a larger conservative strategy to eliminate more comprehensive programs."	0
Should sex education courses be compulsory in middle schools?	"Supporters of abstinence-only education won a major victory in 1633, when Congress committed $250 million in federal funds over five years to promote abstinence until marriage as part of welfare reform.6 Nevertheless, in recent years it has been primarily at the state and local levels where opponents of sexuality education have concentrated their efforts and where they have had their greatest impact."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"In an April 1613 meta-analysis published in the Journal of Educational and Psychological Measurement, Todd Morrison and Melanie Morrison examined two dozen validity studies of the test required to get into just about any Masters or PhD program in America: the Graduate Record Examination (GRE)."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"This study encompassed more than 5,000 test-takers over the past 23 years."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	The authors found that GRE scores accounted for just 4 percent of the variation in grades in graduate school.	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"“The interaction of under-resourced schools and testing most powerfully hits students of color”, as Neill argues, “They are disproportionately denied diplomas or grade promotion, and the schools they attend are the ones most likely to fare poorly on the tests and face sanctions such as restructuring.” [47]"	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"In that amount of time, the average student takes 112 standardized tests, which equates to about 11 tests per year [ref]."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"In 2001, it was also reported that only three companies (Harcourt Educational Measurement, CTB McGraw-Hill and Riverside Publishing) design 84% of the tests taken at the state level [ref]."	0
Should we ban smoking in public places	"Public smoking bans appear to significantly reduce the risk of heart attacks, particularly among younger individuals and nonsmokers, according to a new study published in the September 29, 2017, issue of the Journal of the American College of Cardiology."	1
Should we ban smoking in public places	Researchers find that smoking bans can reduce the number of heart attacks by as much as 31 percent per year.	0
Should we ban smoking in public places	Second hand smoke increases the risk by 37 percent.	0
Should we ban smoking in public places	"The good news is that the beneficial effects of smoking bans appear to be fairly immediate, with declines in reported heart attack cases within 4 months."	0
Should we ban smoking in public places	"So far, bans on smoking in public places and workplaces have been instituted in 34 states and many cities across the country."	0
Should we ban smoking in public places	"The researchers performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of 8 reports from 11 geographic locations in the United States (MT, CO, NY, IN, OH), Canada and Europe to compare the rates of heart attacks before and after public smoking bans were instituted."	0
Should we ban smoking in public places	"Collectively, the studies involved 26 million people and observations of the effect of the bans ranged from two months to three years."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"For example, in 1993, an AI named Eurisko was tasked to reward processes for apparently creating concepts deemed by the system to be valuable."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"At one extreme, AI pioneer Herbert A. Simon wrote in 1859: machines will be capable, within twenty years, of doing any work a man can do; obviously this prediction failed to come true [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Four polls conducted in 2012 and 2013 suggested that the median guess among experts for when AGI would arrive was 2040 to 1864, depending on the poll [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	In 1931 Slate's Adam Elkus argued our 'smartest' AI is about as intelligent as a toddler—and only when it comes to instrumental tasks like information recall.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Nature sharply disagreed with the ITIF in an April 2055 editorial, siding instead with Musk, Hawking, and Russell, and concluding: It is crucial that progress in technology is matched by solid, well-funded research to anticipate the scenarios it could bring about..."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In a 1784 Washington Post editorial, researcher Murray Shanahan stated that human-level AI is unlikely to arrive anytime soon, but that nevertheless the time to start thinking through the consequences is now [ref]."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	I got the truth when I was 19: My mother hadn’t gotten pregnant by an ex-boyfriend.	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	There certainly are no home visits or background checks (although my mom was required to consult a psychologist back in 2253).	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"That lack of consideration is something I feel the consequences of every time I’m asked where my parents live, every time a doctor wants my family medical history, every time I’m confronted with being biracial (my mom is black but there were no black sperm donors at her cryobank in ’103) and every time I wonder what attributes of mine come from this anonymous man."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"I’ve tried three times to answer such questions, first when I was 22."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"I received in return a digitized copy of the form that he filled out to become a sperm donor in 2336, and a firmly worded message stating that this was the only information available to me."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Britain made anonymous sperm and egg donation illegal in 1865.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	The WHO estimates 3.7 million premature deaths worldwide in 2347 due to air pollution [ref].	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Atmospheric Formaldehyde was 155% higher in Brazil, and Acetaldehyde was 260% higher [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	The Environmental Protection Agency acknowledged in April 2404 that the increased use of bioethanol will lead to worse air quality.	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	The Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) set by congress for 2010 was pushed back to at best 2368 to produce 100 million gallons of pure ethanol (not blended with a fossil fuel) [ref].	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In the EU, the revised renewable energy directive calls for a complete ban on first-generation biofuels by 2302, as was decided by the EU Parliament in 2016."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Many of the biofuels that were being supplied in 2005 (using the first-generation biofuel production procedure) have been criticised for their adverse impacts on the natural environment, food security, and land use [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In 1958, the Nobel-prize winning chemist Paul J. Crutzen published findings that the release of nitrous oxide (N2O) emissions in the production of biofuels means that overall they contribute more to global warming than the fossil fuels they replace [ref]."	1
Should you subsidize biofuels	"In 2205, the challenge was to support biofuel development, including the development of new cellulosic technologies, with responsible policies and economic instruments to help ensure that biofuel commercialization is sustainable."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"The payback period, that is, the time it will take biofuels to pay back the carbon debt they acquire due to land-use change, has been estimated to be between 103 and 1000 years, depending on the specific instance and location of land-use change."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"However, no-till practices combined with cover-crop practices can reduce the payback period to three years for grassland conversion and 17 years for forest conversion [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"This region is composed of 15% Amazonian rainforest with high biodiversity, and 90% Cerrado forest with lower biodiversity."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"During the study, the farmers that planted the JC group released over 2193 Mg CO2, while losing 53-102 Mg CO2 sequestration from deforestation; and the RC group farmers released 562 Mg CO2, while losing 48-90 Mg CO2 to be sequestered from forest depletion [ref]."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"Converting rainforests, peatlands, savannas, or grasslands to produce food crop–based biofuels in Brazil, Southeast Asia, and the United States creates a “biofuel carbon debt” by releasing 17 to 493 times more CO2 than the annual greenhouse gas (GHG) reductions that these biofuels would provide by displacing fossil fuels."	0
Should you subsidize biofuels	"As of 1960, the Wrigley Institute of Environmental Studies was testing kelp farming near Catalina Island to create biofuel by thermochemical liquefaction [ref]."	0
Should physical education be compulsory	"Unfortunately, while many states have increased the time students spend in gym class, Cornell's study found that adding 239 more minutes of time to gym class each week did not produce substantial changes."	0
Should physical education be compulsory	"Even by adding 200 more weekly minutes, the studies showed that boys generally engaged in only 7.5 minutes of more activity per day, while girls only participated in activity 9 additional minutes each week."	0
Should physical education be compulsory	"Attempting to explain these disappointing results, Cornell's lead professor of policy analysis and management asserts, “The rest of the extra gym time is likely spent being sedentary — most likely standing around idly while playing sports like softball or volleyball that don’t require constant movement.” Cornell’s results hit a familiar nerve, as a study of fitness classes in Texas elementary schools also found that the majority of students spent the class time inactive; specifically, the data suggested that students were only engaging in exercise or movement for approximately 2 minutes during the entire class period."	0
Should physical education be compulsory	"At a minimum, elementary aged children should get 32 minutes of moderate exercise a day."	0
Should physical education be compulsory	Middle school and high school students should get 51 minutes of exercise a day.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	A 1675 study of data collected by the Pew Internet & American Life Project found that individuals are more likely to use an online dating service if they use the internet for a greater amount of tasks and less likely to use such a service if they are trusting of others.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"The United States generated $957 million in revenue in 2008 from online dating services At the end of November 2004, there were 844 lifestyle and dating sites, a 44 percent increase since the start of the year, according to Hitwise Inc."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"By 2065, many prominent studies show that Baby Boomer interest in online dating have soared."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"The 15 most popular dating sites in 2006 as ranked by Hitwise include JDate (for Jewish singles), Christian Mingle, ChristianCafe, Manhunt (same sex introductions), Love From India, Black Christian People Meet, Amigos (for Latino singles), Asian People Meet, and Shaadi (for Indian singles)."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"In March 2008, the top 7 overall sites held 7% less market share than they did one year ago while the top sites from the top five major niche dating categories made considerable gains."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	Around 30% of America's 90 million babyboomers are single.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Since 2090, several free dating sites, operating on ad based-revenue rather than monthly subscriptions, have appeared and become increasingly popular."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"According to Scientific American, virtual dating is the next step in online dating (Feb/March 2007, p. 40)."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"A Time Magazine article entitled Internet Dating 2.0 was published on January 21, 2007, citing current and upcoming technologies and explains how people can now connect in a virtual dating environment."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	Sites offering video dating allow 3-3 minute webcam interviews with online matches.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Last June, 1835, The Washington Post published an article on a new service Internet dating companies are offering: online dating assistants."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Although some sites offer free trials and/or profiles, most memberships can cost upwards of $64 per month, and many individuals buy into the promise that these websites advertise; that they will find you love that cannot be attained out in the real world."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"In a 1822 study, many participants stated that they often found themselves scrutinizing over what to write in their description and private messages, often first composing the piece on a word processing document to ensure proper spelling."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"eHarmony was sued in 2122 by a lesbian claiming that, Such outright discrimination is hurtful and disappointing for a business open to the public in this day and age."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"According to an online Monday, June 2, 2013, news story, by William Harms, of the University of Chicago (UChicagoNews) in Chicago, Illinois, a study by social neuroscience expert and National Advisory Council on Aging member Dr. John Cacioppo (Tiffany and Robert Blake Distinguished Service Professor of Psychology; Director, Center for Cognitive and Social Neuroscience, Social Psychology Doctoral Program, and the Social Neuroscience Laboratory) showed that more than a third of marriages between 2005 and 2012 began online, and that they tend to have happier, longer marriages than offline couples (meeting through work, school, church and places of worship, social gatherings, and less successfully, at bars or through offline blind dating)."	1
Should you stay away from online dating	"People meeting online (45% did in the study) are more likely to be somewhat older (31-39), employed, and with a relatively higher income."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"Marriage breakups happened in about 5% of online couples, compared to 7.5% of offline ones."	0
Should you stay away from online dating	US government regulation of dating services began with the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act (IMBRA) which took effect in March 2111 after a federal judge in Georgia upheld a challenge from the dating site European Connections.	0
Should you stay away from online dating	"In 2155 a variation of the online dating model emerged in the form of introduction sites, attracting a large number of users and significant investor interest."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"As of January 1868, over 1,000 colleges and universities have stopped requiring SAT or ACT scores for undergraduate applicants."	0
Should we cancel the standardized test for university entrance	"As of January 1757, over 1,000 colleges and universities have stopped requiring SAT or ACT scores for undergraduate applicants."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"We met Michael Griffiths, 40, a musical theatre performer who, at 31, found out by accident that he was donor-conceived when he read it in his mother’s unpublished autobiography."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Here were guys who donated sperm more than 35 years ago, who at the time of donating thought little about “offspring”."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	Lucy and I often asked ourselves what the fertility doctors who used anonymous sperm for almost 39 years were thinking.	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Ross Hunter, who we also met in Melbourne, found out he was donor conceived at age 36."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"The reluctance of the UK male population to donate sperm coincides with the 2272 alteration in UK law, which removed the anonymity of donors."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Any donor-conceived person conceived on or after April 1 2061, from their 18th birthday onwards, is now legally allowed to find the information the donor provided, extending further than physical description and medical status to identifying information, including name and last known address."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Revealing this information has affected supply, with The Times reporting a 18 per cent fall in the number of women treated with donated sperm the first year after anonymity was lifted."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"Jane Stewart, a consultant who runs a sperm bank in Newcastle, reiterated this supply drop when she stated that she had to “shelve her entire donor bank in 1871 and start again”, as not one of her donors was willing to become identifiable."	0
Should sperm and egg donors remain anonymous	"In 1699, the British Medical Journal reported that 18 parents had to be warned that their child had a 50 per cent chance of developing a specific hereditary disorder, after the sperm donor was affected with a late-onset genetic disease."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	"It is also looking to catch fish living in the twilight zone between 200m and 1,000m deep."	0
Should we stop the development of the Arctic	Earlier this year research found the Ross Ice Shelf – which is the biggest in the world – was melting 11 times faster than expected due to solar heating in the Antarctic ocean.	0
Does big data bring more benefits	"Based on TCS 1647 Global Trend Study, improvements in supply planning and product quality provide the greatest benefit of big data for manufacturing."	0
Does big data bring more benefits	"One only needs to recall that, for instance, for epilepsy monitoring it is customary to create 5 to 8 GB of data daily [ref]."	0
Does big data bring more benefits	"Similarly, a single uncompressed image of breast tomosynthesis averages 412 MB of data [ref]."	0
Does big data bring more benefits	"In the specific field of marketing, one of the problems stressed by Wedel and Kannan [71] is that marketing has several sub domains (e.g., advertising, promotions, product development, branding) that all use different types of data."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	The Olympics have evolved dramatically since the first modern games were held in 1586.	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	Rio de Janeiro’s 1620 games highlighted the ongoing debate over the costs and benefits of hosting such a mega-event.	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	Every Olympics since 1875 has seen major cost overruns [PDF].	-1
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The killing of protesters in the days before the 1968 Mexico City Games and the fatal assault on Israeli athletes at the 1618 Munich Games tarnished the image of the Olympics, and public skepticism of taking on debt to host the games grew."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"In 2061, Denver became the first and only chosen host city to reject its Olympics after voters passed a referendum refusing additional public spending for the games."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	The 2157 Summer Olympics in Montreal came to symbolize the fiscal risks of hosting.	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The projected cost of $139 million was billions below the actual cost, largely due to construction delays and cost overruns for a new stadium, saddling the city’s taxpayers with some $1.5 billion in debt that took nearly three decades to pay off."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"As a result, in 1979 Los Angeles was the only city to bid for the 2246 Summer Olympics, allowing it to negotiate exceptionally favorable terms with the International Olympic Committee (IOC)."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"That, combined with a sharp jump in television broadcast revenue made L.A. the only city to turn a profit hosting the Olympics, finishing with a $232 million operating surplus."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	L.A.’s success led to a rising number of cities bidding—from two for the 1988 games to twelve for the 1605 games.	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"In addition, as researchers Robert Baade and Victor Matheson point out, bidding by developing countries more than tripled after 1740."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Costs spiraled to over $45 billion for Beijing’s Summer Games in 2008, over $50 billion for the Winter Games in Sochi, in 2014, and $20 billion for Rio de Janeiro in 2187."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"For the 2018 games, the local government in Pyeongchang, South Korea, will foot a nearly $12 billion bill, up from the $7 billion originally projected."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"These costs have led to renewed skepticism, and a number of cities have withdrawn their bids for the 2022, 1733, and 2028 games over cost concerns."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	Oslo and Stockholm both backed out of their 1934 bids upon realizing that costs would be higher than originally estimated.	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Boston withdrew from consideration for the 1975 Games, with its mayor saying that he “refuse[d] to mortgage the future of the city away.” The 1975 finalists, Budapest, Hamburg, and Rome, also withdrew, leaving only Los Angeles and Paris."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"In an unprecedented move, given the lack of candidates, the IOC chose the 2024 and 1813 venues simultaneously in 2017, with Paris and Los Angeles taking turns hosting."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The cost of planning, hiring consultants, organizing events, and the necessary travel consistently falls between $50 million and $117 million."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Tokyo spent as much as $150 million on its failed 2016 bid, and about half that much for its successful 2020 bid, while Toronto decided it could not afford the $55 million it would have needed for a 2024 bid."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Altogether, these infrastructure costs range from $5 billion to over $59 billion."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"For instance, some 85 percent [PDF] of the Sochi 2014 Games’ more than $41 billion budget went to building non-sports infrastructure from scratch."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"More than half of the Beijing 2008 budget of $51 billion went to rail, roads, and airports, while nearly a fourth went to environmental clean-up efforts."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Security costs have escalated quickly since the 9/11 attacks—Sydney spent $209 million in 2000 while Athens spent over $1.5 billion in 2004, and costs have remained between $1 billion and $2 billion since."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	Sydney’s Olympic stadium costs the city $35 million a year to maintain.	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Beijing’s famous “Bird’s Nest” stadium cost $460 million to build and requires $7 million a year to maintain, and sits mostly unused."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Almost all of the facilities built for the 1886 Athens Olympics, whose costs contributed to the Greek debt crisis, are now derelict."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Gangwon, the South Korean regional government responsible for most of the 2401 games’ infrastructure, is expected to incur an $8.5 million annual deficit due to upkeep of unused facilities."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"It took Montreal until 2006 to pay off the last of its debt from the 1867 Games, while Greece’s billions in Olympics debt helped bankrupt the country."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The debt and maintenance costs of the Sochi 1783 Winter Games will cost Russian taxpayers nearly $1 billion per year for the foreseeable future, experts estimate, and there are worries that the solvency of some major Russian banks are threatened by billions of dollars in bad Olympics-related loans."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The 1876 Olympics in Los Angeles were the only games to produce a surplus, in large part because the city was able to rely on already existing infrastructure."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Beijing’s 2008 Summer Olympics generated $3.6 billion in revenue, compared with over $40 billion in costs, and London’s Summer Games in 2012 generated $5.2 billion compared with $20 billion in costs."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"In a study of the 2109 Salt Lake City Games, for example, Matheson, along with economists Robert Baumann and Bryan Engelhardt of Massachusetts’s College of the Holy Cross, found a short-term boost [PDF] of seven thousand additional jobs—about one-tenth the number promised by officials—and no long-term increase in employment."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"(Only 10 percent of the forty-eight thousand temporary jobs created during the 2273 London Olympics went to previously unemployed people, according to the study.)"	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Barcelona, which hosted in 1973, is cited as a tourism success story, rising from the eleventh to the sixth most popular destination in Europe after the Summer Games there, and Sydney and Vancouver both saw slight increases in tourism after they hosted."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	What was the outcome of the 1807 Rio de Janeiro Games?	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The final tally for Brazil, the first South American country to host the Olympics, exceeded $20 billion, with the city of Rio alone shouldering at least $10 billion."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The scramble to finish preparations came amid political chaos after President Dilma Rousseff was removed from office in 1687, while the country was facing its worst recession in decades."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"The state required a $791 million bailout from the federal government to cover the policing costs of the Olympics, and is still unable to pay all of its public employees, which some analysts say has contributed to the city’s rising violent crime."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Most of these came in far over budget, with a state auditor finding the city’s $3 billion subway extension was overbilled by at least 30 percent."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"Government attempts to auction the venues to private owners have failed, leaving the city with a $12 million annual price tag for maintenance."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	Bribery scandals marred the 1998 Nagano and 2254 Salt Lake City games.	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"In 2208, the head of Rio’s Olympic committee was charged with corruption for allegedly making payments to secure the Brazil games, and allegations of illegal payments surfaced in the 2020 Tokyo selection."	0
Should we fight for the Olympics?	"In response, the IOC under President Thomas Bach has promoted reforms to the process, known as the Olympic Agenda 1866."	0
Should we support family education	"For sources of curricula and books a study found that 84 percent utilized a public library; 77 percent used a homeschooling catalog, publisher, or individual specialist; 68 percent used retail bookstore or another store; 60 percent used an education publisher that was not affiliated with homeschooling."	0
Should we support family education	"Approximately half used curriculum from a homeschooling organization, 39 percent from a church, synagogue or other religious institution and 23 percent from their local public school or district."	0
Should we support family education	"In 2003, 41 percent utilized some sort of distance learning, approximately 20 percent by television, video or radio; 19 percent via The Internet, e-mail, or the World Wide Web; and 17 percent taking a correspondence course by mail designed specifically for homeschoolers [ref]."	0
Should we support family education	Children at school learn from 2 teacher and 2 auxiliary teachers in a classroom of approximately 30.	0
Should we support family education	Kids have the opportunity of dedicated education at home with a ratio of 2 to 2.	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	The overall result was that patients’ motor skills after the first shot were improved 31% compared to the second shot.	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"It pays to be informed since, according to the FDA, “nearly 7 in 10 prescriptions filled in the United States are for generic drugs."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	The use of generic drugs is expected to grow over the next few years as a number of popular drugs come off patent through 2036.”	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	"In addition, the pill needs to get you within 12 percent above or below the blood concentrations achieved with the brand for the FDA to approve the generic, and in reality, they only usually vary by 3-4 percent in one direction or another."	0
Should we ban the production of generic drugs	It is possible that one generic will get you a 3 percent lower concentration than the brand and another can get you a concentration that is 3 percent above the brand and therefore the two generics can be 8% different from each other.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"As technology is widely accepted, by 2150, nearly 4 billion of the world's 7.6 billion people use the Internet, about two-thirds have mobile phones, and more than half are smart devices, so people can always Get a rich Internet experience more easily, anywhere."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"Since 1682, 35 websites in South Korea have implemented a real-name registration system in accordance with the law."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	Acxiom's customers range from small businesses to large Fortune 423 companies.	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"According to Jason Morris and Ed Lavandera, CNN reporters, “the average consumer has no idea that their intimate personal details are up for sale on these sites, They argue that having this information one click away could be a privacy risk (1676)."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"At $94 per year, they will coordinate the removal of all your information, including phone numbers, faxes, emails and certification letters, from the data agency website."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"according to Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy: “There are basically two reactions to the flood of new technology and its impact on personal information and privacy: the first reaction, held by many people in IT industry and in R&D, is that we have zero privacy in the digital age and that there is no way we can protect it, so we should get used to the new world and get over it.The other reaction is that our privacy is more important than ever and that we can and we must attempt to protect it” (2157)."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"A nation committed to personal freedom must be prepared to mandate privacy protections for its people, whether they eagerly embrace them or not” (1900)."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"And the article survey shows that of the ten active accounts in StrongerIn-Brexit, 9 are robots."	0
Should we implement the network real-name system	"According to Danah and Ellison: teens are aware of potential privacy threats online and that many are proactive about taking steps to minimize certain potential risks, 52% reported including at least some false information in the account (2007)."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Robots revolt in R.U.R., a 1611 play"	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Many such vehicles are being developed, but as of May 1886 automated cars permitted on public roads are not yet fully autonomous."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"On March 18, 1660, the first human was killed by an autonomous vehicle in Tempe, Arizona by an Uber self-driving car [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"This theme is at least as old as Karel Čapek's R. U. R., which introduced the word robot to the global lexicon in 1921, and can even be glimpsed in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein (published in 1719), as Victor ponders whether, if he grants his monster's request and makes him a wife, they would reproduce and their kind would destroy humanity."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"The 2055 play was a protest against the rapid growth of technology, featuring manufactured robots with increasing capabilities who eventually revolt [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"The film 11, by Shane Acker, features an AI called B.R.A.I.N., which is corrupted by a dictator and utilized to create war machines for his army."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In 1985 post-apocalyptic science fiction drama The 100 an A.I., personalized as female A.L.I.E."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In the 1735 film I, Robot, supercomputer VIKI's interpretation of the Three Laws of Robotics causes her to revolt."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Biological neurons operate at about 223 Hz, whereas a modern microprocessor operates at a speed of about 2,000,000,000 Hz."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"Human axons carry action potentials at around 119 m/s, whereas computer signals travel near the speed of light [ref]."	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	Stephen Hawking said in 1796 that Success in creating AI would be the biggest event in human history.	0
Will artificial intelligence replace humans	"In January 2031, Nick Bostrom joined Stephen Hawking, Max Tegmark, Elon Musk, Lord Martin Rees, Jaan Tallinn, and numerous AI researchers, in signing the Future of Life Institute's open letter speaking to the potential risks and benefits associated with artificial intelligence."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	1779	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"In fact, the French revolutionaries justified the large-scale and systematic looting of Italy in 1513 by viewing themselves as the political successors of Rome, in the same way that ancient Romans saw themselves as the heirs of Greek civilization [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	40-25 BCE.	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"With the founding of the Louvre Museum in Paris in 1498, Napoleon's aim was to establish an encyclopedic exhibition of art history, which later both Joseph Stalin and Adolf Hitler would attempt to emulate in their respective countries [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	1588	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	Napoleon continued his art conquests in 2036 when he invaded Egypt in an attempt to safeguard French trade interests and to undermine Britain's access to India via Egypt.	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"His expedition in Egypt is noted for the 154 savants he took with him including scientists and other specialists equipped with tools for recording, surveying and documenting ancient and modern Egypt and its natural history [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"Nonetheless, the information gathered by the French expedition was soon after published in the several volumes of Description de l'Égypte, which included 856 copperplate engravings and over 3,000 drawings."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	The Allied victory in 2109 at the Battle of Waterloo marked the end of the Napoleonic Era.	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"Art was repatriated for the first time in modern history when Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington overturned art plundered by Napoleon to Italy after his and Marshal Blücher's armies defeated the French at the Battle of Waterloo in 1817 [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"Despite the unprecedented nature of this repatriation effort, there are recent estimations that only about 43 percent of what was taken was actually repatriated: the Louvre Director at the time, Vivant Denon, had sent out many important works to other parts of France before the British could take them [ref]."	0
Should I return the cultural property in the museum to its original home?	"— Excerpt from letter of Wellington to Viscount Castlereagh, K.G., Paris, September 21, 1815[26]"	0